     even if you didnt think soo ... it should be in poll ... coz ppl like are thinking abt it.     
     anni raa lu enduku use chesthunav ra.. telugu exam emannarasthunava bali ga.     
   italian dayyam is my heroine and I am her heroine too.     
     send kid and wife and move to shared accommodation...u will save lot of money...     
     What if wife is career oriented ?          
     i thot ur wife is not earning and u want to save money...but if ur wife is working then both move to shared accommodation and save more money...     
   Same with JD 😒     
     Devudu anetodu etla sastadu vaya ? Donga devudu ayivuntadu     
     baa nee id fasak ee ! I know you'd be ready with other one too         
     ee stamping ki ayna vellacha to mexico? even your initial H1 stamping after OPT?         
     Yes @panipoori going forward you can get stamped in Mexico, Canada, UK, Aus etc. Basically  US consulate in any country where they allow h1b stamping.     
   Ban this fake id @realitty    @MOD23    @psycopk    @afdb_sai     
     Without RFE aithe deny direct ga nen vinledhu case     
     Badhakam ani chepte correct ga untundi.      
   you have buy credit  .. just like dail 91 and call... not included in the base price     
     2 min procedure ... antha online lo ne   https://my.mintmobile.com/activation          
   Davos, Switzerland              
     Already posted .... ne kosam, na fav one again          
   can some one pm the code if you dont need it     
   HelloI hope you’ve had a great start to 2019.My name is Siddharth Taparia and I’m the Business Head for Hotstar in the US.As I’ve been reflecting on the past year’s events, I realized that as hard as we’ve worked to keep you - the South Asian diaspora - connected to India, we lost a few valued subscribers along the way. So, as we embark on 2019, I wanted to personally reach out to you and urge you to reunite with the Hotstar family.A lot has changed since the last time you experienced Hotstar.Most significantly, starting tomorrow, Star India’s TV channels will no longer be available on Cable TV in the US including Dish TV, Sling TV, Comcast, Verizon. Hotstar will now be the exclusive destination to stream all your favourite Star India TV channels and shows. What’s more, you will find Hotstar to be the ultimate destination for the best of cricket including VIVO IPL 2019, ICC Cricket World Cup 2019, Paytm India vs Australia and later in the year the Bangladesh, South Africa & West Indies tours of India.To keep you abreast of Election Year in India, we are introducing LIVE news so that you’ll never miss a beat from back home.There’s so much we have to offer to you in 2019. And I’d love for you to be a part of our journey, once again. As a token of my gratitude, I’d like to extend to you our New Year offer exclusively for former subscribers.For a limited time only, you can subscribe to the Hotstar Yearly Pack at a 40% discount and get it at $60 only. Additionally, I am offering an Amazon gift card worth $50 to you as a welcome gesture which you will receive after subscribing.You will receive an email on January 6 with a unique promo code and a link to activate this offer. Be sure to check your inbox - even that pesky spam folder - for an email from my team.I look forward to welcoming you back to the Hotstar family in 2019. In the meantime, do feel free to reach out to me with any concerns or queries on [email protected]hotstar.com     
     Ok     
   yes     
    పర్యావరణ పరిరక్షణ చట్టం ప్రకారం సింథటిక్‌ దారం వినియోగించిన వారికి ఐదేళ్లు జైలు రూ.లక్ష వరకు జరిమానా విధిస్తారు. జంతువులు, పక్షులకు హాని కలిగిస్తే వన్యప్రాణి సంరక్షణ చట్టం ప్రకారం మూడు నుంచి ఏడేళ్ల వరకు జైలు రూ.10 వేలు జరిమానా విధిస్తారు. నైలాన్‌ మాంజా దుష్ఫరిణామాలపై విస్తృత ప్రచారం కల్పించాలని ప్రకృతి ప్రేమికులు, అధికారులు యోచిస్తున్నారు. దీనిపై పూర్తి కథనం కింది వీడియోలో...           
   no gods, no demi-gods no seniors in the team anta ravi sastri :).....                     
     Edisaadu kohli gaani valla vachaadu gaani malli lekunte no chance...     
   Titli, pethai lanti cyclones ni ela edhurkunnaro ara theesina Tony.. thwaralo amaravathi ki british brundhalu...      
     $100 for everything ante cheap ye bro.. aa rojullo b00bs pressing ke each pressing ki$50 samarpinchukunnam     
   Modi thata     Adhwale      
     Antha kanna nicham ga matladina charitra Babu garidi          
   last ga oka sari navvi taali kattu.. rofllllllllll     
     He used the chance for his complete advantage. Now he can happily blame it on his wife.. smart ass🤣🤣     
     his stinking  is piling up day to day. making mess with every thing. No diplomacy dealing any sort of issues. Not taking any advises from senior/experienced staff, rather acting himself with hidden agenda(అగ్రహారం లో టాక్ )     
     <22000 pettuko vachu inka      
   @bulbul_fruit      
     Brother maa state lo rally nirvahisthunnam    How are you going to celebrate this grand celebration?     
     Nice ... festival manaki one week mundhe cuming brother     
   ma parents tho, ekva matladadu...    ma parents emo full love shower's...close to 6-7 lakh jewelery bought to my wifey for chinna chinna events all around 2018..    ee chinna chinna issues longing last...US lo untey ney inni untunnai...repu india lo untey ento paristiti...ento jeevitham...thu na bathuku      
   awesome      
     Already in US , Done with MBA OPT started      
   Cash advance kadhu bro .. Balance Transfer adhi .. they are a bit different...     
   Okka jio sim set cheskunte life antha Jill Jill jiga ne bathroom lo     
     appadappudu ee temple kuda visit cheyi         
     Nijam gaane annada or RK ABN ki mind dobbi ila raasthunnada    motham solar electricity ento , pushpaka vimaanalu ento.      
   Pk ni opppsition nundi poorthi ga theesesadu ga last week nundi @futureofandhra     
     Em handsome babu porilu paddara ........     
  evadina desi gadu nenu intha sampadinchina intha save chesa ani chebtara??? thellollu ayithe open ga chebtaru. manollu dabbulu unna kooda eppudu edustune bratukutaru.     
          Sai Krishna was shot at by robbers on January 3 and is battling for his life in the United States      Hyderabad:A youngster, hailing from Warangal and working in Detroit, was shot at by robbers on January 3 and is battling for his life in the United States.    “Sai Krishna, an electrical engineer graduate from Lawrence Tech University, Southfield Michigan is in critical condition and doctors mentioned that he has to go through numerous surgeries and very complicated procedures,” a note on a campaign started to raise funds for him said.         It said Sai Krishna had recently started working at an automotive company in Detroit downtown.    “He got off from work around 11:30 pm on January 3 and while returning home this incident happened. The shooters took his car, wallet and other belongings and he was left on an empty road in freezing temperatures. Someone passing by saw him on the road and alerted authorities. Paramedics came and took him to the hospital,” the note, posted by his friends, said.    They said Sai did not have health Insurance and had debts connected to his education as well. The money collected would be used for his treatment and living expenses till he was back on his feet, they added.    The campaign, called ‘Support Sai Krishna’, on online crowd funding website gofundme.com, has seen 58,593$ coming in under eight hours, with the target being 2,50,000$.      
   Aa errifruit bulbul gadi movies ye banisalu inka vaalla bujaaala meedhe mosthunnaru nadhi moyalera megays ani aadi feeling bro      
     Bali gadiki kuda pans untara man     
   vadu baga kelukutunnadu, e sari tdp geliste bala will take revenge on him.      
     rofllllllll     
   Anni biopic lo lead actors set avutunaru kani ntr biopic lo ne lead actor mayawati laga set avutunadu     
     Mars is mine no? Why asking in DB and not me?      
     india lo unnappudu..ekkada offer ochina..maha bhagyam ani teeskovali...     
     Avanni emi kani gaddi kalchoccu inka chala panulu cheyochu mingudu allowed     
   I think this is the only way to get rid of reservations      
     lmao     
     that is the hint man      
     Like my dp and chill man. Jai Kamarao      
   rajaaa edunaveyyy db is missing you......ey id lo unavo cheppu      
     Nen usa timings lo lenu uncle lol....nuvve padukovali nenu kadu      
     endi baa ee madya star mahila games em conduct cheyatle enti DB lo      
   Tickets for Fans. @kiladi bullodu    https://www.eventbrite.com/e/avn-adult-entertainment-expo-january-23-26-2019-tickets-44463634929     
     Companies egabadukuntu vosthayi brother ila record kottamanagane.. telugus pride.. akkada unna vallaki jobs vosthayi.. prapancham lo chandranna peru maru mogioothadhi.. Singapore la develop avthadhi. Finally 1$=1 INR avthadhi     
     Thanks for info          
     Are you planning to play any event?     
     yeah poker lo vachina money aithe aadu ani intlo annaaru so inka na bankroll $10k reach avvaledhu,,,,,still sruggling in $6000.....     
   You will ger Indian Visit visa also in 3-5 B days. and its valied for 5 yrs.     
     Min above 25 BMI undala     
   60 diameter undali     
     Blood n breed lab reports emo      
   Donga passport brokersim, Kandla ports, Elugubanti lanti scams lo Dora ni engali ante easy ga cheyochu congress..    note to ki vote lo CBN ni em peekaleru ani malli prove indi..em peekutav nuvv phone tap case pedatham ani annadu CBN     
   Too much man worst politics from both sides .. adu sigu lekokunda elections ki 2 months mundu poi votulu adukunadu anta ee tagubotu election ipoinaka with majority seats non stop crying on politicians who won 2 seats  ... stop this bullshit and move on man if your such a good leader basic roads will not be like what you have in hyd..     
     Dhoola deerindi vedavalaki...haha     
     ltt     
   Directed by Aneesh Chaganty    https://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/searching_2018          
     how is crime23 movie ?     
     Puvvai puvvai lo meaning ki em thakkuva, I say?     
     True bhayya, vine vadi batti undiddi ane kada nee abhiprayam.    Poovai poovai...anaga jeevitham oka poovai maranam oka poovai ani kavi uddesham.    Ane kada cheptunnav.     
     Dexxmma, asalu DPS ki dana veera soora karna ki link unda     
   Lorry Driver.. movie lo driver leka poyina lorry mathram must amma     
   Comedy unnadu aa pencil tho pettina Meesam tho ..    Jai balayya     
     Ithe em chedam?. Edustunavuga already.     
     Aalulwdu soolu leda..koduku peru somalingam.      
   Seriously he knows a lot      
   Mottam notepad lo raasi reservation lekunda veyi po     
   veroine pic pettkunte  aipothara ?     
   Veelendi lesbos aa?      
      a botanavelu movement edaithe vundi choosavooo.. baga silipi vayya.. inkoti koda jesina...     
   best go through Europe. breakeven vuntadhi journey.     
   100 kadu Kani 90+ vastai bruhs easy ga. Mahakutami is a flop show kali     
   @kevinUsa @Bandar_laddu     
   self test kit lo pass avute u can pass in lab tsts     
     Appudu bit ok ippudu maree gap vachindi...Even BJP amit shah has asked cadre to be ready for lone fight..     
   That was part of NDA’s Make in India initiative. Aa credit ina NDA ki istara leka babu gare Modi vaddu anna rashtra shreyassu, desha bhavishattu kosam KIA ni India ki techadu antara..??     
     k     
     iddharu mithrulu lo dha?     
         @chittimallu2     
     Its ok full clean hitting....     
   Big Heroine Rejects Big Director's Advances    January 06, 2019                  This big director whose recent ventures dent his fame is actually known for his under the tent business with heroines. And this starlet has shot to immense fame with that never-before kind of film though she hasn't done any big movies later. And here is the snippet.      Advertisement      For his next directorial venture, our big director is looking for a sensible heroine who could portray a myriad of emotions. At the same time, he is also expecting some sort of special activities from the lead actress who is going to take up the offer. While that big heroine is ready to take up the offer, this 'special activities' part is what hurt her most.   There are some hot-shot starlets who are into the 30s and willing to take up any special activity for their 2 crores package, but this heroine is known for her decent behavior and attitude. While our big director already knows this, he still tried his luck, and eventually, she rejected his film now.   No matter how many revolutions are coming up on Twitter, it looks like those hashtags are not going to put an end to these type of directors and their acts.       
     lol..uncle ...short term returns cheppaku naku..oka yr trade chesi aa year ROI cheppu..appudu sudam     
     First they will give free tips    As tarvata subscriptions ani     Aa tarvata investment ani     
     bhayya nuvvu BJP ni support chesthe chesuko  I dont care, Prof. ki unna following ayaniki undi you dont need to worry about him    akkada facism aa undi matha garshanalu recha kottadam, matha ni and kula ni addu peddukoni pathukopovadam    kerala lo jarigindi kuda rajakeeyam ee, devudi ki sambandinchindi kadu    anduke anna BJP unikini kapadukovadam ante rati yugame correct     
    "Will Have To Tell CBI About UP Seat Sharing": Akhilesh Yadav Amid Raids    The reports that Akhilesh Yadav's role will be probed in the sand mining scam emerged after SP and BSP indicated their intent to join hands to counter the BJP in the Lok Sabha polls     All India | Edited by Nidhi Sethi | Updated: January 06, 2019 19:34 IST                      Akhilesh Yadav held the mining portfolio in the state between 2012 and 2013.         LUCKNOW:      HIGHLIGHTS        Former UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav may be probed in sand mining scam   He'll cooperate, but these raids are politically driven, Mr Yadav alleged   The BJP said that it's a standard procedure and CBI is doing its job                  As Uttar Pradesh's political rivals-turned-friends Samajwadi Party (SP) and Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) appear to be in the final stages of sewing an alliance ahead of the national elections due in a few months, SP chief Akhilesh Yadav is likely to have some unwanted visitors.    The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), which is probing the illegal sand mining that took place between 2012 and 2016 in Uttar Pradesh, may examine Akhilesh Yadav's role as he was the chief minister during this period and held the mining department for a year, agency sources said.    "It's an old case, but I am ready to face the investigation," the former UP chief minister told reporters in Lucknow.    The ruling BJP is leaving behind the culture (of misusing the central investigative agencies) and it should be ready to face the same in the future, warned Mr Yadav.    "We are making efforts to win maximum Lok Sabha seats. Those who want to stop us, have the CBI with them. If the CBI wants to question me, I will answer (them). But the BJP must know that people are ready to give an answer to them," the SP chief said.    The reports that Akhilesh Yadav's role will be probed in the scam emerged after SP and BSP indicated their intent to join hands to counter the BJP in the Lok Sabha polls.    Mr Yadav quipped that it was the Congress that had earlier sent the CBI and now the BJP, and he is ready to cooperate. "Now we have to tell the CBI as to how many seats we have distributed in the gathbandhan. I am happy that at least the BJP has shown its colours. Earlier, the Congress gave us the chance to meet the CBI, and this time it is the BJP, which has given us this opportunity."    Opposition parties have come out in support of the Samajwadi Party leader and claimed that the CBI investigation is in line with the alleged trend of using the central agencies against political opponents.    The Congress, which reports suggest has been left out of the alliance in UP by the SP-BSP, said the raids shouldn't come as a surprise.    Senior Congress leader Kapil Sibal said, "Now that the reports of SP-BSP alliance have come, raids have started against Akhilesh Yadav. This was expected, whoever speaks against them (BJP) is raided, that's how this government is running."    The BJP, however, said that it's the standard procedure and the investigation agency is just doing its job.    The CBI had conducted searches at 14 locations in UP and Delhi on Saturday in connection with its First Information Report or FIR against 11 people.    27 COMMENTS    Mr Yadav, who was the chief minister between 2012 and 2017, held the mining portfolio between 2012 and 2013. He was succeeded by Gayatri Prajapati, who was arrested in 2017 following a complaint of rape by a woman residing in Chitrakoot.    https://www.ndtv.com/india-news/akhilesh-yadav-says-let-them-send-cbi-on-reports-of-probe-in-illegal-sand-mining-in-up-1973427?pfrom=home-topscroll      
     This is one drama     Picha lite yevadiki siksha padadu    But no one can beat jaggu in corruption     
     TRS and Jaffa combined channnel          
     Paina undi detailed ga     
     Inka alanti areas ekkada unnai ?     Manam konnaka pooling lo teskokapote bokka padatadi kada      
   He is Secular just like Pawan Kalyan .... He doesn't belong to one Religion or Caste....      
   Are you real undavalli? Ayana gari language antha baga ela pattesaru ?      
     Taco gaaaa           
     Ba pundu paddadu meeda karam mingi... vadini inka thatha unte untadhi....     sa ri ga ma pa dha neeeeeeeeeee     I am njoying ba     THanks to mukku      
     Already Tg elections lo cbn ki pedda rod dimpi cheppu tho kottadu Kcr saar      
           58 minutes ago, TOM_BHAYYA said:     Already one egg on the way ..       You both are mistaken. He is not talking about guddu, he is talking about bangaru bathu (golden duck). Nakka got to the realization mode now.         32 minutes ago, reality said:     Dheen thassa ravula boddu, idhi realization ante....    Okka bhairi 10gthe “nene katta” “nene petta” stage nunchi adhi natural ga “bangaru baathu” (nenu peekindhi em ledhu) ane stage ki vachhadu. Good.                 
   100 %     
     With langa or without langa     
     vallalo vallu fight chesukoni last ki modi ki win ichettu vunnaru.     UP lo already BSP and SP kalisi congress ni side chese plan lo vunnayee    TG lo congress doesn't want to join with TDP    Tamilnadu lo DMK already Rahul ni PM gaa announced     Mamta emo thanu PM kaavali ani hoping           
   endi vaa idi...ee tiltle tho threads levu....comments lo pellillu levu...    paraja rajyam gurinchi voose ledu....    asalu em jaruguthundi vaa........thammullu intha kattu baanisala an bul bul fruit asking..          
     democratic compulsion man.     malli konni days lo start avuthayee wait cheyye     
     i mean free time lo bro.. just incase unte 😂     
   veelaku vere temples leva....akkadike vellala....endi e racha...     
      diversity     
     Nothing changed sir. Usually any country ki 10k$ per person chupsite safe if sponsoring.      
     Ade yekkada mention chestharu..self versus I'm sponsoring ani          
     I think since you have difference of 2 bands (L 8.5 - W 6.5) it is free if you opt to remark. If that's the case go ahead and do it. I applied for remark when I got 6.5 in writing. But my result didn't change. Good luck      
     Thanks bro!! It's 3 weeks now..     
   naku jarigindi cheptha    equip first     next basic bg check    next finger prints    verey security check adi background lo run aythu untadi u can join project before that adhi lyt    drug test naku kaledu     
     thank you     
   Social networking sites kante dB ne ekkuva using mem ani @tacobell fan cheppamannadu     
   3 people dead in shooting at a bowling alley in Southern California     
     baaaa...fire medha unnav ga ...night em taaginav     
     anhtaa ok braaah     
   Great people from day 1 these people are fighting    Left parties and janasena also great    Super PK      
     prashanth pavani Pranay     
   next week suddam yetta untado, earnings season start avuddi..blood bath ki ready undandi     
   Thanks to both moons      
     Avuna ayite ippudu nuvvu very bad architect ani db cheptondi nijam anuko.      
     Hmm     
     Mainly Twitter      
   Avvu ippudu ganja thagevallu thakuvva. Selling guys ekkuva ayyaru hyd la.    Too much supply for a very little demand          
     ekkada pettukomantav...aha ekkada pettukomantaav ani adugutadi     
           3 minutes ago, Abn_rk said:                
   War one side e ... KCR laga bumper majority guaranty     
     YeS     
   @Spartan     
   Deeni ...thu munda     
     నాలా కూల్ గా రిప్లై ఇచ్చేవాళ్ళు కూడా ఉంటారు ఆ సామాజికవర్గంలో      
     Areyyy paidigaa mana kulapu aadapaduchu aa rangelo matladuthunte thoda kottakunda yetraa aa commentingsuuuu     
     TS jeevitham lo chex thappa inkoti ledhu ani fix ayadu     
   U shud receive in a month based on pending cases     
   Assam trains ready ga vunnayi from vijaywada     booking started      
     @Selfgoal     
   @samaja_varagamana       
     Yugapurushudi biopic.      
     Vastu baga ledhu bhayya     
   ehhehehehe abbe em ledu vutthine pilichaaa     
     Lol Litty     
     gulab jamun pusthe kuda tasty gaa untaadi anta     
     komfa deesi nuvve na aaroju starbucks lo kalisindi  endi antha galeez ga tayaarainav      
   link plz     
   జర్నీ ఏదైనా డెస్టినేషనేంటో రెండు రాష్ట్రాల్లో అందరికి తెలుసు      
     Watching India vs Australia    You?     
   I m in. Partnership details pls     
     కానీ ఎం లాభం యూనిటీ లేదు అందుకే ఇండియా లో మోస్ట్ టార్గెటెడ్ కంమ్యూనిటీ      
     caste system okati mundhetesi meedha padtharu.. TG lo manavallaki manchi gouravam undhi KCR valla.. temples kuda baga develop chesthunandu. AP lo ala manavallaki punarvaibhavam ravalante Jagan power loki ravali ..      
     😲     
   inka maa thammulaki padage..dattaputrudi cinema daddarillali anthe ...2019 bellam moori year,raasi pettuko sodara..     
     Bleach baga use chestaru emo      
   32 Pure Virgin from TG.     
     Sri PK garu ekkada poti chesadu          
   anduke na samara sagam panula sannasi anakunda...far better ani antunnadu..         
   ade wall building matter lo      
   @Mitron     
     super      
     agree kani I am judging by what they say and I see rather than make up something from some gossip fake news maker like ABN....KCR's respect for Sonia is still same but his hatred for Congress is well documented because of their modus operandi..now he is in position he can do whatever and care little about congress. My point is just to highlight how screwed up Congress tier-2 leaders are --absolutely clueless MFers..look at that Kuntia who is the current incharge. Unless they bring in new blood they will disappear and/or be dependent of coalition politics forever.    naku digvijay singh and jairam ramesh paina chala nammakamu unnadi for all these screw ups.    I will be glad  even if it is KCR trade mark politics for calling off congress merger..either way I am a happy camper that the merger didn't happen..screw congress     
     Agreed bro .. kondharu sannasula vallane KCR appatlo vileenam cheyyaleka poyaru. Kuntia gadu joker .. monna Delhi lo meeting ayithe passes ammukunnadu broaker gadu.. assal state congress lo issues raise chesina evadu pattinchukodu.. andhuke silent ga muskoni kurchuntunnaru chalamandhi      
   asalu rendu sites ki ekada pontana ledu    ala ela potunaru aa site ki     
     $74 already today ani cheptha anukunnavara kuyya Ne notlo na vankay      
   @AbhiiRama @SushmaReddy Please post more threads     
     Nuvvena     
     Confirm chesuko he is the stupid fellow      
     LOL    nuvvu visa meeda ochinava direct U.S la puttinava kaka?     
   thinking to rent this whole place for a week https://singita.com/lodge/singita-boulders-lodge/     
     ledu bro      
   bakwaas     
     Wow..Iceland la what doing man      
   WTF is this                
     seriously he missed a dolly catch going to his left. Veediki matter mari anthaga ledhu, batting kuda ededo kodadam ani try chestadu konni connect avthai, ,  but avesham ekkuva. These days evadu aina sare koddiga adadam start pedithe chalu commentators gallu bhajana chestane untaru mana ears nundi blood vachedaka using their adjectives.    That would have been awesome if he could have hold on to that catch, next right hander would have been in serious pressure from kuldeep and we could have easily ended up with 2 Australian wickets in our bank.. Now we have to wait and watch khaja scoring a century. Lol     
   Lol...they (US) deserve it for electing him      
   Is it true they are hardcore crazy in bed??    Insights flzzz....In this year 2019, Okka nalla fafa ni mingi na chex resume lo add chesukundham anukuntunna...          
     oh my revanth.     
   Any fersonal ego reasons a...Like who travels to foreign countries more? or who is more media obssessed??          
   All the countries giving more importance to CBN compared to bodi.  Adi choosi bodi ki kullu. Also AP development choosi kooda     
     holidays lo vadatam apesava...     
   Politics and administration ni separate gaa choose vaadu true statesman and political leader.. Only CBN comes under that category.. Modi, KCR, Jagan etc belongs to opposite category..    @TOM_BHAYYA     
     ha     
     ఇంతకీ ఏ సబ్బు రుద్దమన్నాడు?     
     neekinka point ardham kaale.... you are still barking at the wrong tree... hehe      
   Pls suggest which are best sites to start learning python language.i don't have any scripting background.so please advise sites useful for beginners.. thanks in advance..     
     My 15     
   sontha state lo kuda sukam lekunda poindi aa labour party leader ki     
          first 2 weeks koncham kastanga unde second week lo keto flu appudu baga kastam anipinchindi, but aa taruvatha emi prob anipinchaledu. Good thing with this diet is you wont be that hungry or tired. Energy levels perigai naku 2 weeks taruvatha     
   How fake food became a $90 million industry in Japan         Fake food samples, or sampuru, can be seen in most restaurant windows in Japan. They help with language barriers and advertising, but they’re also a historical staple in Japanese culture. This is how this artisanal practice became worth millions.         
     Venakki thippu     
   em thittaru ani kadu evarini thittaru anedi important.. cbn common man ni public lo thittudu bigger issue than kcr cbn ni thittudu..      
     Do you support such a low interest rates? especially when economy is bullish for almost 10 years.    In conclusion, they are blackmailing. They are forcing the fed to keep interest rates low.          
   I have no right to support or judge.Fed follows economic data, too much heated economy is not good. Fed balances money moment , money moment is like cycle....passing from one sector to other... they have to balance equilibrium...too hot economy is bad...mainly two objectives of interest rates is control inflation, and stop any chances of recession.    How fed takes decision is based many data parameters.... like job, consumer index, forex rates, international debits...so on...  they will adjust nobs...     
   Inka ABN vodiki elections hangover dhigaledhemo....     
     Pakkakelli aduko po      
     you're sounds like this guy.....                     
   bokka le     
     you mean mukku gadi bokka?     
   Double bedroom ichaada, 3 acres for Dalits ichaada. Nakka laga elections mundhu biscuit veyyochu ley lite ivanni first yr nundi implementation      
     Em kaadu until Vomerica is Dominant country, oka sari China dominate cheste appudu Vomerica will be like Zimbambe     
   PK choosukuntadu H1B issues tho patu     
     @kuduvu     
   janala pulse is different than poll results...breakeven amount reason ah?     
   ltt     
     ఉస్మానియా మార్చరీ ఎపిసోడ్ మర్చిపోయావు      
     ching chag      
     wtf    , no bro   mari antha galisodini kadhu...     nakantey 3 years chinna nivetha antha ga............. thappu em undhi     
     Neeku sambandham lenodini atla tidtunnavendi kaka? Idisheyy musalollu edo comedy cheskuntunnaru ... have fun and enjoy      
     +1     
   avado okadu seat eyyandi ra babu vidiki...  chala kasta padthunnadu vedu     
            congrats @alpachinao     
        అమరావతి: సీఎం చంద్రబాబు దావోస్‌ పర్యటనపై కేంద్రం ఆంక్షలు విధించింది. ప్రతి ఏడాది 14-15మంది ప్రతినిధులతో దావోస్‌లో జరిగే ప్రపంచ ఆర్థిక వేదిక చంద్రబాబు సదస్సుకు వెళ్తున్నారు. ఈ ఏడాది ఏడు రోజుల పర్యటనను 4రోజులకు కుదించుకోవాలని కేంద్రం సూచించింది. 15మందికి బదులు ఐదుగురే వెళ్లాలని ఆంక్షలు విధించింది. దీంతో ఈనెల 20 నుంచి 26వ తేదీవరకు దావోస్‌ వెళ్లేందుకు సీఎం కార్యాలయం కేంద్రం అనుమతి కోరింది. కేంద్రం ఆంక్షలపై సీఎం చంద్రబాబు ఆగ్రహం వ్యక్తం చేశారు. మళ్లీ అనుమతి కోరాలని సీఎంవో అధికారులను ఆయన ఆదేశించారు.      
   Motham entha mandhi unnaraaaa, pacha batch ikkada?     
   **** gadu anni modi meedaki vestanda, kcr pollu pollu kottina siggurale nakkaki     
   Okie      
     Ante emundi nenu manchivanni kabatti ninnu medialo bad chesi vadilesthunnanu tamilnadulo aithe lepesevallu antunnadu. Kanee chandrababunaidanevadiki teleendi entante akkada evvaru evvarni rajakeeya hatyalu cheyyala! Natural deathsey thappa violence ledakkada. Mareeyanagari threats ento pattana arthamai chavavu. Esuntadu edo kodikathi lanti planu.     
   Balayya ni andharuu vesukuntunnaruga...Preparation lekunda speechulu statements isthe ilane untaadhi     
           34 minutes ago, ChinnaBaabu said:     Thappemundhi bro. Caste maniacs like Ramoji, NTR, CBN, MuraliMohan ruled the roost for decades.    It will be 30% cops vs 7% Reds in the future.    With the demise of CBN, Pappu will reign in the strings of TDP and thus eventually TDP will be confined to History.    Just like how Aurangazeb had single handedly put an end to otherwise greatest Mughal Empire started by his forefathers.      nuvvu nee yetakaram    redd led mudd led    kap led pak led    future will be ruled by BC (OBCs)    already PM tho started re    meekundile mundu mundu     
     Yellow media ne gaa 😂😂     
   eedu hoda ante jailu annattunadu kadaaa     monna daaka    nakkafuke gaadu     
   Enti ardam kaledu      
     ayana ki em democratic compulsion vundo bro.      
     monna Odissa minister Amaravati ki vachadu , CBN chakram thippadu , adi choosi dora ki kopam vachi pichi pichi gaa vaagutnunnadu ani annaru . Malli idi endi .      
   No need of any permissions, leave the bureaucracy to the leader      
   Ache din      
  f everything dont marry............papa wargin aa leka nene first owner aa thoka thotakura.........pellam bore kotindhi ani odili dobandi.....ee postlu ee issues dostla nundi vinaleka sasthunna ....................come here and give attendance for no marriage club ! lepi lepi    
  president : @kiladi bullodu    
     Thanks baa but I missed BF deal. But worth it aa na?       
   ivanni waste yevvaralu sir, elections ayyaka compulsions elagu untayi    ycp /tdp evado okadiki suffort iyyalsinde     
     ok, thanks bro          
   Evarana chesarA me account. Handle vere vallu? How much percentage are they charging you?..    Work trading emotional trading mana valla kavatledu ila anna luck check chesukundamani     
  matney ki first show ki maname tickets konali.     
   veedu witness nenu antadu malli idi naa opinion antaadu.....thammullu inka veedi pics inka wallpapers ga pettukuntaaremo..     
     vikas     
   In fact , nadendla’s NTR ani okati ravali ani IDI sangathi bro kuda antunnadu pakka thread lo      
   Nijam aa dhevudike teliyali.. NTR chala strong man .. Nadendla incident @aath care ankunta . Indira Gandhi ne gadagadaladinchina vadu .. papam sonthavallu chesina manasthapanni thattukolekapoyadu    johar NTR     
     triple gajji     
     Ayithe phulka galle rasara????     Inka thannalsina vasaram kuda ledhu....They wont change      
     political compulsions     
     10 kids ? NTR has 12 kids right      
     Mahanayakudu      
   https://telugu.greatandhra.com/movies/movie-news/colors-swathi-on-sex-tape-tattoos-and-re-entry-96125.html         nsfw comment content ..     
   CBN kutra antunna langas      
   pic disney dhi ra rey     
   Shocked couple finds hidden Airbnb spy camera pointed at their bed     By Francis Navarro, Komando.com         Security cameras are a great way to protect your property, but they can also violate your privacy if someone uses them against you without your permission.    Camera technology has advanced immensely in the past few years. They keep getting smaller and smaller, making it possible to conceal them any which way. Disguised cameras are now particularly a big part of the problem because they're cheap and anyone can easily buy them online.    You've heard all the scary stories about hidden video cameras. Spycam manufacturers have been creative in producing some of the most cleverly designed (and tiny) camera/DVR systems that can be disguised as anything really -- a bathroom hook (really creepy!), a smoke detector, or even an alarm clock.    And worse, as this unfortunate couple found out, hidden cameras are being planted in hotel rooms and vacation rentals without a renter's knowledge! Read on and learn more about their vacation nightmare.    Creepy Airbnb spy cam    A British couple got the shock of their lives when they discovered a hidden spy camera in an Airbnb apartment they rented while on vacation in Toronto.       Dougie Hamilton claims to have found an Airbnb hidden camera     Dougie Hamilton, 34, said that he found the camera concealed in a digital alarm clock that suspiciously faced the apartment's living room and open bedroom areas and "can see everything."       Spy camera had a view of the whole house     As the Daily Record reports, the couple had only been in the rental for around 20 minutes when he spotted the creepy clock. At first, he shrugged off his suspicions but his instincts proved him right.       Hidden inside an alarm clock     "In my head, I felt a bit weird even thinking it and I kept telling myself not to be daft. But there was just something," he confessed.    Hamilton said that the camera was "'connected to a wire like a phone charger'" and he now suspects that it has taken footage of the couple.       Hidden inside an alarm clock     "I took the charger out of it and saw there was a lithium battery in the back. At this point, I slid the front facing off the clock and could see there actually was a camera," Hamilton explained. "We didn't know if the owner had been watching. It just felt really creepy and we didn't want to stay.    We're innocent-minded people but the clock was facing where our bed was and we thought it might be for something more sinister like a sex ring."       Hidden spy camera     An investigation is now underway    The Toronto Police Department has confirmed that it is currently investigating Hamilton's claims.    "We received a call last Thursday regarding what appeared to be a video camera in a clock in an apartment. The investigation is continuing," a spokesperson for the Toronto police said.    Hamilton also said that Airbnb is looking into the matter. In the meantime, Airbnb has promised him a full refund and said that it will be canceling all future reservations on the property.    "Airbnb passed it on to their security team. They told us to pick one of three luxury hotels close by and said we could leave the Airbnb and get a full refund," he said.    Despite this experience, Hamilton said that he will not stop using Airbnb rentals on his trip but he'll start giving the rooms a "quick scan" when he checks in.    As for Airbnb's response? A spokesperson has this for an official statement: "We take privacy issues extremely seriously and have a zero tolerance policy for this behavior. We have removed the host from the platform while we investigate and are providing the guest with our full support."        How to spot hidden cameras    Cameras come in all shapes and sizes. There are larger ones that look like cameras, which are easy to spot, but smaller cameras can slip behind furnishings, decorations or vents. Then there are spy cameras that hide in everyday objects like alarm clocks, smoke detectors, stuffed animals or picture frames.     A simple way to spot most types of cameras is to look for the lens reflection. This requires turning off the lights and slowly scanning the room with a flashlight, or laser pointer, looking for bright reflections. Be sure to scan the room from multiple spots so you don't miss a camera pointed only at certain places.   You should also do a close visual inspection of the vents, as well as any holes or gaps in the walls or ceilings. Fortunately, for a camera to see you, you have to be able to see it as well, so it can't be entirely hidden.   In addition to lens detection, you can also get an RF detector. This can pick up wireless cameras within 10 feet or so. Some of the expensive ones have screens to show you what the camera is seeing. Unfortunately, RF detectors aren't great for wired or record-only cameras. For those, you'll need to stick with the lens reflection method.   If you can connect to the rental's wireless network, a free program like Wireless Network Watcher shows which gadgets are connected. You might be able to spot connected cameras. Just be aware that the owner might have put the cameras on a second network, or they could be wired or record-only types.         What to do if you find a spying camera    If the presence of indoor surveillance cameras was not disclosed to you, the answer is simple: Pick up the phone and call the police. Tell them you have direct evidence that someone is spying on you, without your knowledge or permission, inside your rental. Use this exact phrase.    While you're waiting for police to arrive, document the situation with video and photos on your smartphone. If you are traveling with others, ask them to be witnesses. Remind them they were about to be victimized, too.    Once you have your police report, contact the rental site.    Make no mistake. Stumbling over surveillance cameras isn't just creepy. This is a big deal involving your basic constitutional rights and the law.    Don't forget to share this article with family and friends. Simply press the share button along the left-hand side of the page to post it to Facebook. They will be glad that you warned them about this creepy situation.    Hear Kim talk about every vacationer's nightmare: a hidden camera. Tap or click below to listen to a Komando on Demand podcast.    Ant trapped inside monitor drives DJ crazy    We've all heard of buggy software, right? But how about "antsy" hardware? A 46-year old DJ had a bad case of the creepy crawlies after finding an ant frolicking inside his MacBook Pro laptop's display. Click here and see why this man's creepy problem is something he simply cAN'T ignore.    Next Story    Source: Daily Record     Security & Privacy   Airbnb   Privacy   spy cam   Toronto   voyeur      
     Market lo prathi commodity rate half avvali adhi cheyyaru bro.     
   atla cheste $$ value padi pothundi      @tacobell fan   ku stroke vastundi      
     I to good write Anna?     
   scam..     
     Nenu vocchinapudu kalusthanu brother     
     emp change aithe..why eb2 to eb3 ?any benefits ?     
     chalu devudaaaa ee clarity      
   nakka aapra tactics... #Digipodhi 🔥     
   Want to invest in Indian stocks. Do not have any Demat or NRE/NRO account ?     Which sharebrokers are good and which banks are cheapest ? Heard we need something known as PIS account.     
     You Missed BEARS defence.     
     Supreme court judges gaa MANOLLAni pettina ghanudu nakka     local police oka lekkaa bro ?     
   Friendly invitation emo    nuvvu kuda mee female colleagues tho dinner ki vellu     
   Tdp and media - match made in heaven    Myra media is Tdp pro     
     Instead of swallowing use it!      
     What is mod bro ?     
   The govt has done it gradually stop the high denomination note's circulation        The government of India has stopped printing Rs 2,000 currency notes in order to gradually stop their circulation, ThePrint reported.    According to The Print, the decision has been taken on the back of suspicion in the government that the currency note was being used for hoarding, tax evasion and money laundering.  The Rs 2,000 note was introduced in November 2016 after demonetisation. To counter the massive cash shortage, the government introduced new Rs 2,000 notes.    As of March 2018, the total value of the currency in circulation was Rs 18.03 trillion, of which Rs 6.73 trillion, or 37 per cent, was in Rs 2,000 notes, and Rs 7.73 trillion, approximately 43 per cent, in Rs 500 notes. The remaining was in the lower denominations.    When the Rs 2,000 note was introduced, the Narendra Modi government was criticised for bringing out a note of such a high denomination considering it had cancelled the Rs 1,000 note. Its introduction was criticised as it went against one of the stated objectives of demonetisation, which was to prevent hoarding of black money through high denomination notes.     
   2000s, 500s malli ban sesi only 100s 50s pettale     
   .............     
   U can reschedule twice      
   Ya 4 times chesa .. inka reschedule option chupisthundi     
   It’s a big racket read this     https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nbcnews.com/news/amp/ncna315996     
     PRP yekkadundi ippudu. house tisi maa kulanayakudu janasenani antunnavaa     
     austin was fine.     
   Long long back in 2009 before I was a citizen I did go on a cruise to Mexico with an expired stamp but a valid H-1b approval. They did update the date on my return back. However they let me in.     
     are to the best sure compulsory 100%?     
     akada ayana teleeka adagatledu bro telisi aduguthunnaadu    bul bul gaadi baasha    pappu gaadi telugu DECODE chesukoni orgasm feel ayye batch adi ... idi artham avvadaaaa ?      
   ide interview lo labor pundakor lu ayina ballaya or lokayya unte    sussu rangaa untadii.....super bumper hit.     
   chk    cpst    rad    zynga     
   Repu bloodbath expecting     
   Nenu 2 times fall la poina masth unde     
     Utah kuda same. Are you coming? 2 ppl ki skiing ki 300 avutundi per day vaste veldam nuvvu pay cheyachu nenemanukonu      
     us lo seat belt lekunda chestunte     desam lo tappu ledu. manishi ekadaina anthr     
     Yes he is PO of AP man         
   veelaithe lokesh bob kooda YCP loki jump ayyi prajaasvaamyaaniki oka arthaanni chekurchaali     
     What else can we expect brother     
   https://www.dallasnews.com/news/frisco/2019/01/02/frisco-isd-added-15000-students-5-years-behind-collin-county-boom              
   @psycopk pisco vuncle holidays aipoyaya paper esavu ivala !!     
   cute kid papam ....     
   cocaine possession and DUI   desi aa ABCD aa     
     Absolutely true     
   yes, a couple of times..      
     Capital one . They refinanced my car for lower rate when I had the worst score/history . Chase not bad too .     
   ippudu interest rates are at peaks...ekkada vellina padi vele...     
     Sure      
   @chittimallu2 anna nee fake id evado chesindu          
     Prediction enti bro    Anonymous     
   TDP vallu theliviga andhukey mundhey andhari bommalu tho poster create chesukunnaru TG elections lo antaava papam trs and ycp     
     maaku telisina oke oka leader greencard ni edam kaalto thanni India ki vellina telugu bidda LOKESH babu matrame          
   గ్రాఫిక్స్ బాగున్నాయి ఎవరు చేశారో గాని      
   hi     
     Lol veediki Modi y? GVL is there no         
   ee sari chandral sari lost ayyi central looo bjp party vastheeee, inka AP loo TDP kolukunta ki inko dasabdham pattiddi     
   Vachaka karchulu pettukomanu..inka bi life lo raru      
   I used to watch swat cats. My fav show     
     Karan the detective enditi kaka ?    epudu vastundey ?     
     Magunta family      
   No other option samara ! Most erotic orgasmic movie for our telugu jathi.. balyya biopic e     
   both...first Krish's then the backstab movie     
   cheppanu brother ....call emirates and findout      
   A Dallas ki kuppalu kuppalu vastaru.     
     Naku east facing house ledu😀😀😀😀😀😀     
     Thanks     
     h1ead epatidhaka vachindi     
     Kottesavu gattiga      
   DKC n fakeids ki kalipi anukunta ee program      
   Which movie do you watch. Real one or reel one      
     you need african visa to visit alaska. Go to Egypt, embassy stamping tho, sail to Alaska.      
   Hittu bomma          
     Correct     last labor pains to producers     
   How do you describe?     
   Maha Metha     
              arey pk endira aa answerlu okkadaniki tinnaga cheppaledu    em adigina aash buushh busshhh antunnad    manohar gadu 100 times better unnadu ga veedikante    anduke aadini sankalo pettukuni tirugutunnad     @Raithu_bidda_  @raithu_bidda     
     india lo publicity    youtube lo video kinda comments chudu    ma anna edo english lo iragottad ani jansen fans feeling     
   Signs Of Maturity:-         You forgive more    You respect differences    You don’t force love    You accept heartaches    You don’t judge easily    You become more open-minded    You prefer to be silent than to engage in a nonsense fight    Your happiness don’t depend from people but from your inner self     
   great post @Navyandhra garu!     
   రోజు కి ఇరవై నాలుగుగంటలుంటే పద్దెనిమిది గంటలు జనం కోసం కష్టపడే బాబు గారు ప్రధాని కావాలా ? ఇరవై నాలుగు గంటలు తాగి పడుకునే కచరా కావాలా ?     
     E pani clarity iv, e age lo antha pani chesthadu antava      
     C kalyan konnadu anta rights fast ga dubbing work start chesaru anta     
     edi piccchi pizza hut lo petta..     
     Orey fake Jesseee. Caling @jesse_bb     
     Arrey Item ga ninnu kuda Mod chesarenti ra Mee Pulka Peddamanshulu ?     
     Confuse avvaku babu... panimanishi account veedu.     
     Peddayana mast 10gindu ga      
   same pinch dear.... nenu ikkada gillukunna akkada nuvvu nee pirra gilluko     
     yes baa     
     oh god save him     
   ltt     
     Sell cheytam better as ipudu mari      
   Some more SIMPLE useful info      
     Thanks 🙏🏻      
   abba thammudu emannana...    etlaina AP pillani pelli chesukovale..AP lo green card kottali..oka job techukovali raa bhai...          
   Excited      
     I bought the ball and will not drop it tonight.     
     It’s raining heavy      
   Ippude gym lo desi amana vunda figure as it is ana cheri laga vundi life lo oka sari anna veyali alanti dani      
   Ltt     
     Bavi lo nundi bayataki vachi public opinion endho telusuko vayya butt hurt candidate..    caste meeda hate tho ragilipokunda burra petti alochicche telivi nee lanti faltoo lambdi gallaki ekkadidi le     
   ee thaadu lo pisco thatha edo comment chesadu mutton biryani brains ani..every state ki aa money tax return kinda ani edo cheppadu...ippudu choosthe comment ledu...          
     Telugu and Tamil vaalake aa pichhi, also ee audio functions lo Hero gallu self dabba kodutunte...ee so called fans ki  Orgasmic feeling ostadi.     
   yah..padhi lo oka song lyrics maatrame baguntundhi..Ramajogayya ki Anatha Sriram ki raase scope kooda undatam ledhu     
   Orei junion NTR .... movies chesthu part time raavatam kaadu raa goppaa    antha craze undikudaa movies cheyyakundaa politics lo undi AP kosam fight chesthunnaadu raaa adee goppa         
   Prapanchavyaptham ga jarigina survey lo antha lokesh pere chepparu.. future lo eeyana US president ayina ascharyam ledhani .. chala mandhi Americans teliparu     
   we need 3rd option.     
     Rendu sarlu opposition lo kurchobettaru. First time bjp wave and second time pawanala and modi wave. I leave it to your conscience      
   Devansh Babu .. homework anukunta ...      
     bedarrr nakka also briefed    post videos of that start racha rambola         
   Oh lord villaki ippudu trick Telisi poyindhi😥     
   Happy new year      
   Maharshi Teaser | Mahesh Babu "Maharshi" Teaser | Maharshi Official Teaser | #MB25 #MaharshiTeaser #MaheshBabuRishi #JourneyOfMaharshi                
   nenu lepanu ani pettali     
   Yes       Thanq      
   A comparison of popular video conferencing platforms Zoom and GoToMeeting isn’t so much a competition as a confirmation of why the former has become one of the fastest growing apps in the world.    Zoom is cheaper. Zoom is simpler. Zoom offers larger group video chats. Zoom offers better interoperability. Zoom even offers a free version of its package, while GoToMeeting will charge you for everything but its 14-day trial period.    Zoom is the more consumable product in a video conferencing age that has moved from clunky curiosity to everyday business tool. Its ease of use and flexibility are the main reasons it has become one of the fastest growing apps in the world. It’s not perfect–the interface is bland, and the visuals top out at 720p–but it’s affordable and functional, and that’s enough to tip the Zoom vs. GoToMeeting contest in Zoom’s favor.    Zoom Video Conferencing        For many of us, Zoom is going to win this comparison on its features page alone. Its Pro package is half the price of GoToMeeting’s equivalent, and delivers the same HD visuals, screen sharing, messaging, video recording and storage, breakout rooms, and end-to-end security, while offering group video chats for up to 100 users, compared to the Citrix service’s 50.    There’s a slight caveat to that price-tag approach, however, as Zoom includes a bunch of optional extras only available at an added cost: toll-free dialing, webinars, and improved storage and group chat sizes.    The most important feature, though, is the list of services and apps that can be integrated with Zoom. These products expand the service from a simple video caller to the functional heart of an internal communication system. The list is richer than GoToMeeting’s and includes:     Slack   Salesforce   Google Chrome and Calendar   Dropbox   Box   Blackboard   HipChat   Microsoft Outlook/OneDrive/Active Directory     Beyond the features, however, Zoom’s dedication to simplicity makes it a little bland. There’s an uncluttered main video screen, with the basic controls only appearing when you run the mouse over them. It’s the same interface we’ve been seeing since Skype first became mainstream, and nothing like the progressive designs you’ll find elsewhere (see our Join.Me review). The visuals are good enough, although they don’t go above 720p. Conveniently, Zoom does include active voice detection that automatically finds and focuses on whoever’s talking within a group, which makes up for the drab surroundings. It’s a feature GoToMeeting lacks, and one of the reasons it falls short of Zoom in our opinion.    GoToMeeting Video Conferencing        In defense of GoToMeeting, all those features it has in common with Zoom make it a professional standard video conference platform. There’s nothing you’ll lack for if you pay the extra price and sign up. It’s more a case that that higher cost doesn’t buy you a better experience, and that’s where it fails.    In my own experience dabbling with the service, I can find only two real quibbles. The visuals were a little fuzzy on my connection, and while I’m always willing to overlook a one-off test on the chance that the problem is on my end, Zoom offered a crisp picture under the same conditions. Secondly, GoToMeeting has the same bland chat window experience, but places its controls in a separate breakout panel. That’s unnecessarily clumsy when you can go the Zoom route and have them disappear when the window is passive.    Those things aside, the platform is easy to navigate and meetings are simple to launch. As a bonus, you can invite non-account holders to a meeting by sharing a customizable link. It’s not as lightning quick as the WebRTC-powered Appear.In, but it’s handy if you’re hosting a special guest.    The bottom line is that GoToMeeting should work well as the backbone of a large conference room setup, or as a basic laptop or desktop service (both these services also work on iOS and Android phones and tablets). If you have to make a choice, though, this is one instance where cheaper is better.    Zoom Vs. GoToMeeting: The Verdict    Zoom belongs in comparisons with the big name video conferencing powers, like Skype and Hangouts. That’s an achievement in itself for a 6-year-old startup, even if it has strong links to Cisco and WebEx. It’s not on the level of the industry’s big in-room suppliers, such as Polycom and Cisco itself, but at the smaller end of the business world, it’s a reliable, affordable video caller that can be integrated with other workflow tools to be more than just a fancy telephone.    It will be interesting to see if the move to native video calling by Slack, Skype Teams, HipChat, and other collaboration platforms will decrease interest in freemium standalone services like Zoom. After all, why integrate multiple services when one has all you need? Especially if, like Zoom and GoToMeeting, there’s no great design or interface advantage.    But, that’s an argument for another day. For today, Zoom is a quality product at a reasonable price, and a comfortable winner over GoToMeeting.     
   Fantastic..Mind blowing..wind blowing teaser😜     
     i     
   Mahanati top ah😟     
   Atleast one sv Krishna reddy movies should have made the list         Also ankusam is missing.         Sirivennala movie          Akali rajyam,anthuleni katha movie also missing may be because they are remakes.     
   @sinthakaai      Rey gabbu na yaala nuvve use chesthunnava naa original id﻿ ni? Yeppudu latrine lo unte ilanti yebraasi alochanale vasthaayi ﻿                 
   Aadevado﻿ naa original id @sinthakaaiaccess chesi kampu leputhunnadu. Aadu doriithe oke ﻿potu﻿     
     dairy lo raasukuntaavaa , movie ki yelli ragane     
     Desi tinder     
     No..her lips/teeth looks very awkward..watch while she is talking int he video..     
     GO la mention chesindhi party pettukodhemo ?? Party karchulaki gov go la pedathara asalu?     
     Anduke invitation rakamundu techchukovali avi anni      
   1994 ki mundu mee Thatha also ruled AP anna sangathi marchipoyava lokesh babu      
   Good people      
   Kajal Agarwal ni veyyali      
     +1     
   Malli deeniki flexi kadtara endi     
     Who is pushpams ba     
     What you planning for new year!     
   Xoom lo 1 USD = 69.0801 INR.           
     What      
   Happy﻿ New year.. Andariki﻿ manchiga undaali ani Bhagavan se pradhana katha hu﻿      
   “Why you have to compromise?” Antaru chalamandhi ... but dhorukuthundho .. ledho teliyani vatikosam parigetti pallu viragottukune kante unna dhanitho happy ga bathakadam nerchukovali ani chinnapati nunchi parents, teachers antha cheppevallu      
   Motivation. Anedi Nee thread title lo vundii kaani Nee post lo kanipinchale      
   Eediki acting kante modelling roles baaga suit avuthayi          
   Bit different look undi indulo...     
   I watched almost all movies ... BAN & AVSR 3 times , GG&RR 2 times chusa. Max sinemia & mp... around 250 ala petti unta(hindi+Eng+tel)      
   evaru ah rich dbian who spent more than 500$ for telugu movies in theatres....     
   maaku selavu...paisal bokka     
   Working in India..But ivvala very less work productivity untadi.     
     Poradu porilu Duck chestharu ani Kavi Bhavam     
     andariki selavu.. contractors ki matram remote. edaina pani unte chesukondi, lekapthe DBing chesukomani chepparu..      
     You like      
     Pink ante ladies kada     
     Undu vachi decide chestaru beef batch.     
     🤣     
     Ok     
     Prometric database hack      
   Thanks      
     Hi LMLK     
   Ltt     
   That's a sad news. I love window shopping     
     LOL realllyy    i thought u were the same     piyyi lo leg esina kadaaaaa      
   Shed ki velle time aite ilanti cinemale teestaru..     
   Corruption os a joke, so light, andhu k inc tho chethulu kalipadu cbn antuna @futureofandhra     
   ori me esalo, trumphets va     
   comments choosaka public ki boothulu entha istamo ardamayyindi....          
   push onion baa yenti bulbul reborn aaa,         aaa bhutulu yentra PM s lo ,megays Gif veste chache laga vunnavu ga BP tho, any way go on crying i won't stop Megays Gifs                ﻿        ﻿     
     Link eyyu bro. Suddaam     
     LOL... $5000 undi .. TS ki antha avasaram ledanukunta     
     Running chesthe it helps burn more but adokkate chesthe thaggavu You should check the portions of food u r eating     Also do intermittent fasting main ga 2 types afternoon 12- 8pm lopu eat lunch and dinner. Migatha 16 hours zero calories. Only black tea or coffee and water.  Do 2-3 times per week     Inko kind 24hrs lunch to lunch or dinner to dinner. Do once a week then slowly 2 times based on how much you wanna lose. It's a lifestyle change and you can make it a habit rather than some diet which is hard to follow. I do 24 hrs once a week. Lunch to lunch. Dinner appudu black tea then sleep. Lechaka stand up meetings tea thage lopu aipodhi time      
     East St. Louis is the place     
   కార్తికేయ పెళ్ళిలో రెచ్చిపోయిన అనుష్క ప్రభాస్, Prabhas Anushka Dancing Video at SS Kartikeya Wedding #KarthikWedding #BangaramSaysSS #Anushka #Prabhas  #Tollywood                 
     ECIL start cheyyamani central government ki appatilo babu gaare brief chesaru.      
     Lol     
   Bhayya "Mindset" by Carol Dweck chadvinava?? Dantlo Seattle Seahawks story untadi.. Read it..     
   pilli revantham.............     
     Cheppithe kuda vinaru kada bhai... inkem cheyyali veellani...     
     US lo some what better . Scientists find out chesaka companies e court lo case vesayi. Last ki scientists cheppindhe nijam ani telindhi.  India lo ayithe ala evadayina Oka article rasina with in one year fasak chesestharu. So andhuke Scientists lu antha us lo undi scrap mathram india lo untadhi      
   Stree lobhi !!     
     langa canteens ani kachara start chesindu em ayyay avi.      
     Ee America la vaallaki vaalle world champions ani feel ayyi titles esukuntaru ga like mlb .. ap lo b anthe adhe vaalla world.. em chesina first of kind in thier world     
     Goosebumps raava uncle     
     Pulkas online lo active na lol they are the dumbest n don't care all cbn will care batch        Jaggu winner it will be miracle if cbn becomes cm      
     Ok BAKA aka Pulka     
   Nenu ayite vellipomake song from sahasam swasaga sagipo movie...  2 days ki okasari sure ga vinta...    share yours      
   operation love da ani pulkas briefed na     
   KCR ki poyekalam vachinda     Nti     
     Harish annaku avakasam ichinattena     
     Wait and see          
      abn sakski tv9 tnews 99tv     Ivi em category??     
     Seattle market housing ki either double pay or 200k pay vundali Akka day house konali antey ..:      
     I am here in Seattle from 28 years seen 2008 and 2001 recession here. Exp tho chepthunna buy now or you will suffer later. Inka good luck to you!      
   Seattle is at an all time high.. The prices will fall 10 to 20% in Seattle in 2019.. Wait and buy.. Seattle, SFO and Dallas are predicted to be the worst performing markets in 2019 amd 202..     
   Damn jagan , appudu pipes cut chesadu , ippudu fiber grid grow avvakunda wires cut chesthunnadu.      
   Hope he stops this blame game for each of his failures for the betterment of state. Inka ilaane continue chesthe Lokesh mandha buddi ki kuda...... ane la unnadu., better STOP it.     
     LOL waht a shame      
     but KCR clearly said Rajiv Gandhi PM gaa unnappudu ........       
   Kothem kaadu ga vaallaki    R7 lo na penta chesindi?     
   వరుడు పరారీ.. తాళి కట్టిన మరో యువకుడు         Dec 30, 2018, 01:30 IST                                                    తాళి కట్టిన మరో యువకుడు           హుస్నాబాద్‌ రూరల్‌: ఉదయం 11 గంటలకు వివాహ ముహూర్తం.. వధువు బంధువులు వరుడిని తీసుకొచ్చేందుకు అబ్బాయి ఊరు వెళ్లారు. అబ్బాయిని తీసుకుని పెళ్లి మండపానికి వచ్చే క్రమంలో.. వరుడు వాహనం దిగి పారిపోయాడు. దీంతో ఏం చేయాలనే అయోమయంలో పడ్డ వధువు తల్లిదండ్రులు.. అనుకోకుండా ఓ యువకుడి నిర్ణయంతో ఊపిరి పీల్చుకున్నారు. పెళ్లి ఆగిన క్రమంలో సదరు యువకుడు ముందుకొచ్చి వధువు మెడలో తాళి కట్టాడు. శనివారం సిద్దిపేట జిల్లా హుస్నాబాద్‌ మండలంలో ఈ ఉదంతం చోటుచేసుకుంది.     పొట్లపల్లి గ్రామానికి చెందిన కోల రాజలింగు, భూలక్ష్మి దంపతులు తమ కుమార్తెను మేనత్త కొడుకు, చిగురుమామిడి మండలం చినముల్కనూర్‌కు చెందిన పందిపెల్లి శ్రీనివాస్‌కు ఇచ్చి పెళ్లి చేసేందుకు ముహూర్తం నిర్ణయించుకున్నారు. అయితే శ్రీనివాస్‌ నుస్తులాపూర్‌కు చెందిన మరో యువతితో ప్రేమలో ఉన్నాడు. ఇది తెలిసే తమ కుమార్తెను మొదట ముల్కనూర్‌కు చెందిన పందిపెల్లి రమేశ్‌కు ఇచ్చి వివాహం చేసేందుకు వధువు తల్లిదండ్రులు నిర్ణయించారు.    అయితే, శ్రీనివాస్‌ తల్లి అడ్డుపడి తన కొడుకుకు ఇచ్చి పెళ్లి చేయాలని పట్టుబట్టడంతో పెళ్లి కుదుర్చుకున్నారు. కానీ పెళ్లిపీటల పైకి వచ్చే సమయంలో శ్రీనివాస్‌ పరారు కావడంతో మొదట నిర్ణయించిన వరుడైన రమేశ్‌ తల్లిదండ్రులతో మాట్లాడి.. అదే వేదికపై పెళ్లి కానిచ్చారు. పందిపెల్లి రమేశ్‌ పెద్ద మనసుతో ముందుకు వచ్చి వధువు మెడలో తాళికట్టి, అమ్మాయి తల్లిదండ్రుల ముఖంలో సంతోషం నింపడంతో బంధువులు ప్రశంసలతో ముంచెత్తారు.              
     Ante Hitech City oka sari First.. .Amaravathi oka first  ..... yenni sarlu first lu untay      
     Andhuku ra ayya mimlani lafangi anedi     
     Ledu bro....nenu vennu potu specialist ni...PPT’s chestha anthe     
   With    T election defeat..     balayya's biopic ...     Lakshmi NTR ....    KCR gangbang...     Modi hitting hard ....    PK ...    Media slowly going out of control ..              2019 will be busy year for cbn      
     Aunty is balka suman range ... KCR is too much for her      
     Yup     
   Elections mundhu firing    Elections tarvata crying     That is RK     
     Baanisa 🐕     
   This one highlight. Italian broker has -     He﻿ was also reported to have access to UPA’s ﻿internal meetings.﻿     
     Enduku titting kcr cbn ni? Asalu aa sabha enti enduku ?      
   No idea what he said    cannot vote         anyways if it is not political, people would not believe it to be true and if it were to be political and truth said people would just listen from left ear 👂 and leave from right ear 👂      
   The expert in anything was once a beginner     
   Add posani, gunashekar     
   I nominate @chittimallu2     
     I voted for @Android_Halwa as well !      
   onion﻿ @Push                                          
     Ya Fear ye ayyundochu. But chinnappudi nunchi anthe. If I lose somebody am I ready to get things back to normal aa anipinchedi.     
   akila priya malli gelavakapovachu. i think her cousin will win again and take the role of bhumana nagi reddy in district     
     Man tg vundhi India loney man    Congi pushpam batch contest chestey ok    Tdp cheyatam wrong na    Excellent bro     
   edo white di edo release chestunnadu.. enti adi?     
     Bro y me ?     
     Amo Bhai naaku antha scripted ane anipisthundi     
   god cbn bhakthulu velli kcr ni ap special status kosam poradamani reuqest chesthe best vachi vadina special status kosam fight chesthadu     
     expected step ye kadh auncle...already we discussed...why jabba charching....Ap tho pettukunna TRS Tg bagunayi kadha uncle...     
     MG Barjun      
   Lokesham and devansham valla mudi cleaning anta pichi yellow slaves      
     Chandral sir meda neku chala hopes vunayi bhayya. we will see how it goes.      
  Now labour file chesthey (apr) lo labour approve aye 140 approve aye h4 ead ki entha time ?    
  Antha time padtunda?    
     alane undi     
     Inko 15 mins lo jump     
     nee edupu maatram aapavu ga     
     😡     
     ivvala morning cheyyalsindi bro ee pani. too late now.     
 inko 5 to 6 years varaku 2010 daati kadalavu dates..fix ayyipo     
 asamm assamey     
   k     
   Eppati thread Babu edi      