go falcons . . this is your season . .
present aaapicerrrr . . aa pilla philly ki , cowgirls ki evadu against ga aadina vaadiki , a team ki na support eppudu untadhi . . !
ante only gc citizens uh or inderectly opt ani uh ?
ఐతే ఇప్పుడు రాహుల్ గాంధి గ్రేట్ అంటారా ?
coal scam lo proofs unai aa ? ? case vesukola ? ? bodi gov ee ga clean ani certify chesindi ? scam lenapudu case veskotaniki nopi enti ? ?
chusinam ga monna tg elections results vammo vani analysis okati correct kale . . malla cover drives chesthadu . . . konchem kaadu poorthiga antibjp untadu
stand kuda adjustable ga unte . . 80" will be perfect for small size home theater . .
ledu ra e sari vijaywada nundi assam ke transfer ra bookings mostly akkadi nundey ra
italian dayyam is my heroine and i am her heroine too .
they may feel offending and also i dont have that intimacy .
what if wife is career oriented ?
g fattened fte vi dabbulu ekkada pettukovaloo teliyaka enter iyyuntav ley
it’s edited man . . antha clear ga ardham avthundhi . ntr oka charithra
i want one too ltt
go to matamoros . . . talk to salvador or what's app him . join what's app group from below link . . . .
no one can scratch bk . .
i have a cut drivers licence from indiana valid till june 2019 but it is not valid so thinking ala
nenu mestri ki notice ichi join iyyanu receipt pyna . . . . rfe vachindhi transfer ki maa mestri naa h1 april varaku unchutha anadu . . . worst case scenario lo can i go back to my old employer ? if yes , what all things should i do to join old mestri . . . . ee kotha company vadu emo don't worry we don't have any rejections yet . . . . . . you should be fine antunadu . . . worst case lo we will try to convert to corp to corp antunadu . . . . pichi lesthundhi ee visa gola tho . . . .
neeku antha manche jarugu kaka bro . . . without any issues vastey future lo warangal bhadrakali temple visit cheyyu . . . neeku approval letter vastudi bro . . dont worry at all . . if you drink , have a couple of beers and watch malleshwari movie and sleep well . . . your approval is already written . .
i doubt this endukante how do we even know that day ? ? all we can rely on is the online status . all my old petitions show now that on so and so date we have sent a notice to revoke ani . . . so that so and so date is when your clock begins . just my opinion
auna nenu ninna night chusa . . . . etlanti deals enduku veyyaru vayya telsina kuda . . .
deal over ?
idi pretty common no . . daaniki contract ichi untaaru . . .
ippudu ycp ki ragane ra babu ra mla ticket tisuko minister post tisuko antada jagan mantri padavi iste ne vasta ane person repu by mistake party odipote party jump kottadu minister post kosam ane guarentee enti
$50 amazon gc osthada ?
high command no padayatra ante velli inko party ettukunta annadu ani talk
avocado , broccoli , red cherries , blueberries - hyderabad lo dorkuthaya ?
avacadoes mostly ratnadeep big bazar and metro only . . sometimes heritage fresh but rare . .
doubt aa . . yellow ga ravatledani . . balayya gadi tho riboflavin tablets eyinchi mari taagutunnadu vaadi ucha . .
evadu anna pichi ki parakasta
burning start langas ki
thanks bro rich state tho poti padatham
rgs vidhanam gurinchi shraddhaga adigi telsukunna tony . . britain lo kuda ilantivi amalu cheyyalani telapadam gamanarham
no but alludu and his viyyankudu owns construction companies . . .
నేటి ఆధునిక యుగంలో మోడ్రన్ ట్రెండ్ బాగా విస్తరిస్తోంది . అలంకరణ విషయంలో కొత్త కొత్త ఫ్యాషన్‌ పుట్టుకొస్తోంది . అందరికంటే తాము విభిన్నంగా కనిపించాలనుకునే వాళ్లు , ఇతరులకు సర్‌ప్రైజ్ ఇవ్వాలనుకునే వాళ్లు వింత వింత ఫ్యాషన్‌ను ఫాలో అవుతూ ట్రెండ్ సెట్ చేస్తున్నారు . అయితే తన వస్త్రధారణతో భర్తకు స్వీట్ షాక్ ఇవ్వాలని భావించిన ఓ మహిళకు ఊహించని షాక్ తగిలింది . ఫలితంగా భర్త చేతిలో దెబ్బలు తిని ఆసుపత్రి పాలైంది . పాకిస్థాన్‌కు చెందిన ఓ మహిళ . . భర్తతో కలిసి ఆస్ట్రేలియాలో నివాసం ఉంటోంది . ఓ రోజు తన భర్తకు సర్‌ప్రైజ్ ఇవ్వాలనుకుని . . స్నేక్ ప్రింటెడ్ లెగ్గింగ్స్ వేసుకుంది . భర్త ఆఫీసు నుంచి వచ్చే సమయానికి ఆ లెగ్గింగ్స్ వేసుకుని బెడ్‌పై హాయిగా నిద్రపోయింది . బయటకు కనిపించేలా కాళ్లు చాపి , ముఖానికి మాత్రం దుప్పటి కప్పుకొంది . ఇంటికి వచ్చి నిద్రిస్తున్న భార్యను చూసిన భర్తకు గుండె జారినంత పనైంది . భార్య నిద్రిస్తున్న బెడ్‌పై రెండు పాములు ఉన్నాయని భావించి కంగారుపడ్డాడు . చప్పుడు కాకుండా బయటకు వెళ్లి బేస్‌బాల్ బ్యాట్ తీసుకొచ్చి పాము తలపై ( భార్య కాళ్లు ) బలంగా కొట్టాడు . దీంతో భార్య కెవ్వున కేక పెట్టింది . అది చూసి . . పామును చూసి భార్య అరుస్తుందేమో అనుకుని మరింత బలంగా కొట్టడం ప్రారంభించాడు . పాము కాదని , లెగ్గింగ్స్ అని భార్య చెప్పడంతో తేరుకుని కొట్టడం ఆపేశాడు . ఈ పరిణామానికి భార్యపై కోప్పడాలో . . కొట్టిన దెబ్బలకు జాలి పడాలో తెలియక , రక్తం కారుతున్న భార్యను హుటాహుటిన ఆసుపత్రికి తీసుకెళ్లాడు . బాధితురాలిని పరీక్షించిన వైద్యులు , ఆమె కాలికి తీవ్రమైన గాయాలవడంతో కట్టుకట్టారు . బాధితురాలు ఆసుపత్రిలో చికిత్స పొందుతోంది . ఈ ఘటనకు సంబంధించిన ఫొటోలు సోషల్ మీడియాలో వైరల్‌గా మారాయి . పీసీఐఏ ( పాకిస్థానీ కమ్యునిటీ ఇన్ ఆస్ట్రేలియా ) ఫేస్‌బుక్ పేజీలోని ఈ పోస్టును అనేకమంది షేర్ చేశారు . తమదైన శైలిలో నెటిజన్లు కామెంట్లు చేస్తున్నారు .
ltt 4
blood and breed finds its place .
nenu ammuta tea if i can travel the world . i think i saw this before . thanks !
awesome
😭😭 very sad , . . . . . . . good old when we lost power we use to listen radio for cricket commentary in hindi . . . . .
cabinet approves 10 per cent reservation for economically backward among general category this reservation will be over and above the existing 50 per cent reservation , they said . new delhi: the union cabinet has approved 10 per cent reservation in jobs and educational institutions for the economically backward section in the general category , sources said monday . the government is likely to bring a constitutional amendment bill in parliament on tuesday , they said , adding that the quota will be over and above the existing 50 per cent reservation . the section doesn't get reservation as of now , the sources said . "the reservation will be given to those economically backward poor people who are not availing the benefit of reservation as of now , " a source explained . the reservation benefit is likely to be availed by those whose annual income is below rs 8 lakh and have up to five acres of land , he said . articles 15 and 16 of the constitution will have to be amended for implementation of the decision , the sources added .
i feel the same . . . 50% kanna ekkuva pettoddu . . . oka sari chance isthe mana valli 95% daka ayina vellipotharu . . .
pure election stunt . . . .
race gurram lo hero mother
they r the ones who running the tg govt on backend
inthaki smart phones enakala “navvuthunna chandranna . . corner lo merusthunna chinababu” photo confirmed ye ga ?
papam pension kuda peddha koduku ani sagam isthunnarata kadha . . pakka theddu lo chusa
lady gaga
amy adams
abcdefghijklm nopqrstuvwxyz abcdefghijklm nopqrstuvwxyz 1234567890
nannu kuda add cheskondi man mee group lo . . . .
working , no health insurance . daaaamnnnnn . . . !
ee gofund lovi chusinapudu badha esthadi evari thappu untado telidu kani ikkadiki ochina manaki inni kastalu osthunte enti idhi anipisthadi . . . . . . . . . kshana kalam lo poye jeevithalu chanipoye varaku poratalu . jagartha undi worst places avoid cheyandi andaru . be safe .
first of all read and get t know the actual news instead of jnu propaganda news . . . . . . china did not intrude into our territory . we kinda intruded into a disputed territory between china and bhutan on behalf of bhutan . we actually crossed borders and intruded . this happening for first time in many years and it is for our national interest to protect chicken neck area . only a pm with guts can do this . so first understand the reality
thaana thandana
batman ni piludaamantava . . .
jan lo ney pettukunna . patha university vadu inka initiate cheyyaledhu process .
so talchukuntey bala kitti fans cinema ni hit chesundevaarav ? ?
election magic you know
hey back to bay ? lets meet at curry up now
mars is mine no ? why asking in db and not me ?
dosthgaaniki job vachindi . . . evarikain emaina info teliste please postandi . . . like taxes elaa untaay , desi community elaa untundi . . is it worth going for 1 . 5 years project . he is currently staying in india with family . thanks in advance
why ?
50% taxes people commute in cycles . green country little desi community
interest rates are high global market has slowed down new home sales are declining micro data ni chudu just buy house when interest rates are 1 . 5-3% now they are ~5 . 5%
kachiguda handi pothunde appatlo
rajaaa edunaveyyy db is missing you . . . . . . ey id lo unavo cheppu
yes manaamaravathi app is very useful . adangal , meebhoomi all are consolidated in one single app . very useful . if you go to raithu sevalu you can find the land allotment history of amaravathi land pooling
kaleshwaram project ki aa brother ? dhanikkuda navayuga valle mari
ma daggarlo satellites em lev bhayya . . . online lo aadataniki i am not from nv or nj so direct buy in . . . .
adhe antunna aadithe main event peddadi . . . or else minimum di . . . . edo manam kuda bracelet event aadam ane trupthi anthe . . . . . . atu itu kakunda madyalo waste ani na peeling
rashtravyaptham ga nedu bike rallys
sri city royyala cheruvulu town konchem hadividigane vuntundi janalu tirige vallu ekkuva
ok ok . . . . . . . . .
if u have royal 👑 blood
thaggipoddi le . . . ooko ooko .
donga passport brokersim , kandla ports , elugubanti lanti scams lo dora ni engali ante easy ga cheyochu congress . . note to ki vote lo cbn ni em peekaleru ani malli prove indi . . em peekutav nuvv phone tap case pedatham ani annadu cbn
as per latest info mayawati rod petti sent home anta
thakkuva budget lo baga thessadu . . . . watched in theatre
dana veera shura karna
bali gadi movies anni cheyochu . . .
pokiri
certutil -dspublish -f c:\users\ . . . \xxx . cer ntauthca
em chesav ?
are reusable . thank you 🙏
don’t think too many things just fasak . , ma team member india ki 2 yr old 🇮🇳 ki via doha thisukelladu . . it’s fine
emirates cathay best if you are flying from sfo . recent ga cathay flight configuration change chesadu mastu comfort untundi .
ebbeyyy ee thread ni enduku pin chesthaaru barre guddha loki pappu seattle ki trip esthey aaa trip related thread ni pin sesthaaru kaani
ade kadaa akkada kuchoni ali veeditho maakee meekee emi isthaayi ani elaa matladathaadu ? briefing kashtam train lo
neni kaakunte senani ani fix ayyaru thammullu
inni rojulu evadu adagale mari
gavaskar > dravid >= sachin > kohli lakshman , viswanath falls somewhere in between that order . . .
pulkas assam train advance booking start ayindi . first national survey predicts ycp ki 19 and tdp ki 4 seats in general elections . nakka 4 seats tho em chekaram tipputadu enka , ayina upa ki 140 anutunnadu . . malla u-turn antadademo . . nda zindabad modi zindabad overall nda ki 15 short off complete majority . the bjp-led national democratic alliance at the centre may fall nearly 15 seats short of the magic mark of 272 in the 543-seat lok sabha , if elections are held now , says the india tv-cnx opinion poll . according to the survey , conducted between december 15-25 at the fag end of last year in all 543 parliamentary constituencies , the nda may get 257 seats and the congress-led upa ( minus sp and bsp ) may get 146 seats , far off the magic mark . the survey was done after the results of assembly polls in five states including rajasthan , madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh where congress has formed governments . the survey said on saturday that key to government formation could lie in the hands of ‘others’ who may get 140 seats in a house of 543 . ‘others’ include samajwadi party , bsp , aiadmk , trinamool congress , telangana rashtra samithi , biju janata dal , ysr congress party , left front , pdp of mehbooba mufti , aiudf of badruddin ajmal , aimim of asaduddin owaisi , inld , aam aadmi party , jvm ( p ) , ammk of tamil nadu and independent mps . nda includes the ruling bjp , shiv sena , akali dal , jd ( u ) , mizo national front , apna dal , sikkim democratic front , ljp of ramvilas paswan , npp of meghalaya , inrc of puducherry , pmk and ndpp of nagaland . an india tv release said that upa includes the main opposition congress , rashtriya janata dal , dmk , tdp , sharad pawar’s ncp , devegowda’s jd ( s ) , ajit singh’s rld , national conference , rsp , jmm , iuml , kerala congress ( mani ) and rlsp . the earlier nationwide survey conducted by india tv-cnx in november , before the assembly polls , had given nda a clear majority with 281 seats , upa 124 , and ‘others’ 138 . since then there has been a reduction of 24 seats in nda and an addition of 22 seats in upa , says the survey . the survey says that nda could get 37 . 15 per cent votes , upa 29 . 92 per cent and `others’ 32 . 93 per cent . within the nda , bjp may win 223 seats , shiv sena 8 , jd ( u ) 11 , akali dal 5 , ljp 3 , pmk 1 , ndpp 1 , ainrc 1 , npp 1 , sdf 1 , apna dal 1 , and mnf 1 . the survey said that congress may win 85 seats ( almost double that it won in 2014 ) , dmk 21 , lalu prasad’s rjd 10 , ncp 9 , jmm 4 , jd ( s ) 4 , rld 2 , rlsp 1 , rsp 1 , iuml 2 , tdp 4 , jk national conference 2 , and kerala congress ( m ) 1 . among ‘others’ , mamata banerjee-led trinamool congress could get 26 seats , samajwadi party 20 , mayawati’s bsp 15 , ysr congress 19 , telangana rashtra samithi 16 , biju janata dal 13 , aiadmk 10 , ammk 4 , left front 8 , aam aadmi party 2 , aiudf 2 , pdp 1 , jvm ( p ) 1 and aimim 1 .
rahul gadi meda lokesh meda baga ashalu pettukunnatlunnav . . . .
like cbn . . . . supreme court cheppina believe cheyanatha information unda ne daggara . . . . how did u get this info . . . media nunde kada . . . .
make in india focuses on the following 25 sectors of the economy: automobiles[edit] see also: automotive industry in india and [[:electric power industry in india]] general motors announced an investment of us$1 billion to manufacture automobiles in maharashtra . [26] in april 2017 , kia announced that the company would invest over $1 . 1 billion to build a car manufacturing plant in anantapur , andhra pradesh . the facility is the company's first manufacturing plant in india . kia stated that it would hire 3 , 000 employees for the plant , and it would produce 300 , 000 cars annually . construction of the plant began in mid-2017 , and is expected to be completed by march 2019 . the first vehicles are scheduled to roll off production lines in mid-2019 . kia president han-woo park announced that the first model produced at the plant would be an suv ( sport utility vehicle ) specifically designed for the indian market . [27][28] park also added that kia would invest over $2 billion and create 10 , 000 jobs in india by 2021 . [29][30] in march 2016 , b . k modi group announced that it is going to set up an electric bus manufacturing plant near moradabad , uttar pradesh . the investment is through a technological tie-up with byd . in july 2017 , saic motor announced that it is going to invest ₹2 , 000 crore ( $300 million ) to build a car manufacturing plant in halol , gujarat . [31] in mid-2017 , european automobile major psa announced that in a partnership with ck birla group , it is going to build a car manufacturing plant in tamil nadu at the cost of ₹7 , 000 crore ( $1 . 03 billion ) [32] automobile components[edit] see also: automotive component manufacturers association of india hitachi announced an auto-component plant in chennai by 2016 with an increase in their india employees count from 10 , 000 to 13 , 000 . [33] aviation[edit] see also: aviation in india , udan-rcs , and list of airports in india french drone manufacturer lh aviation announced a manufacturing plant in india to produce drones . [34] during magnetic maharashtra: convergence 2018 , thurst aircraft pvt ltd signed a mou with govt . of maharashtra to build an aeroplane manufacturing plant near palghar district ( roughly 140 km north of mumbai ) with an investment of ₹35 , 000 crore ( $5 . 2 billion ) . [35] biotechnology[edit] see also: biotechnology in india chemicals[edit] see also: indian chemical society and indian institute of chemical technology construction[edit] see also: construction industry of india in january 2016 , chinese conglomerate dalian wanda group announced that it would construct an industrial , residential and tourism city in haryana at the cost of ₹68 , 000 crore ( $10 billion ) . [36] however the project was deadlocked as on 28 april 2017 because the company management was resisting a demand by the haryana state government for a 26% equity share . [37] defence manufacturing[edit] see also: defence industry of india , india and weapons of mass destruction , guided missiles of india , and defence research and development organisation india and russia have deepened their make in india defence manufacturing cooperation by signing agreements for the construction of naval frigates , ka-226t twin-engine utility helicopters ( joint venture ( jv ) to make 60 in russia and 140 in india ) , brahmos cruise missile ( jv with 50 . 5% india and 49 . 5% russia ) . [38] a defence deal was signed during prime minister narendra modi's visit to russia in december 2015 which will see the kamov ka-226 multi-role helicopter being built in india , was widely seen as the first defence deal to be actually signed under the make in india campaign . [39][40] in august 2015 , hindustan aeronautics limited ( hal ) began talks with russia's irkut corp to transfer technology of 332 components of the sukhoi su-30mki fighter aircraft under the make in india program . these components , also called line replacement units ( lrus ) refer to both critical and non-critical components and fall into four major heads such as radio and radar; electrical & electronics system; mechanical system and instrument system . [41] lockheed martin announced in february 2016 its plans to manufacture f-16 in india , although it did not announce any time frame . [42] in february 2017 , lockheed stated that it intended to manufacture the f-16 block-70 aircraft with a local partner in india , if the indian air force agreed to purchase the aircraft . [43] boeing announced setting up a factory to assemble fighter planes , either the apache or chinook defence helicopter in india , [44] as well as the manufacture of f/a-18 super hornet . [45] prime minister narendra modilaunches make in india . in may 2018 , the indian army announced a ₹50 , 000 crore ( us$7 . 0 billion ) ammunition production project to be implemented in phases over a 10-year period . under the project , 11 private firms will manufacture and supply ammunition for the army's tanks , rockets , air defence system , artillery guns , infantry combat vehicles , grenade launchers and other field weapons . the army noted that the objectives of the program were to cut dependence on foreign imports and to establish an inventory of ammunition that would sufficient to fight a 30-day war . [46] defence exports[edit] india confirmed that it will upgrade myanmar's t-72 tanks , supply drdo's radars to armenia , kamov 226 t multi-utility helicopters to jordan , indigenously developed lightweight torpedoes to myanmar ( previously sold to sri lanka and vietnam ) , astra 70-kilometer range air- to-air missile and 40 , 000 pieces of a component used in bofors artillery guns for ₹322 crore to uae , and manufacture drdo weapons in saudi arabia by 2018 ( dec 2017 update ) . [47][48] electronic systems[edit] see also: electronics and semiconductor manufacturing industry in india with the demand for electronic hardware expected to rise rapidly to us$400 billion by 2020 , india has the potential to become an electronic manufacturing hub and government is targeting to achieve net zero imports of electronics by 2020 . [49] after the launch of this project , 24 . 8% of smartphones sold in india in the april–june quarter of 2015 were made in india , up from 19 . 9% the previous quarter . [50][51][52] various companies pledged investment in india to begin manufacturing foxconn: us$5 billion investment over 5 years in research and development and hi-tech semiconductor manufacturing facility in maharashtra . [53][54] huawei: new research and development ( r&d ) campus in bengaluru with an investment of us$170 million[55][56] and telecom hardware manufacturing plant in chennai . [57] lenovo: manufacturing of motorola at sriperumbudur near chennai run by flextronics . [58][59] micromax: 3 new manufacturing units in rajasthan , telangana and andhra pradesh with ₹3 billion ( us$42 million ) investment ) . [60][61] qualcomm: "design in india" programme to mentor ten indian hardware companies with the potential to come up with innovative solutions and help them reach global scale . [62] samsung: 10 "msme-samsung technical schools"[63] and manufacturing of samsung z1 in its plant in noida ) . [64] spice group: ₹5 billion ( us$70 million ) mobile phone manufacturing unit in uttar pradesh . [65] vivo mobile india began manufacturing smartphones at a plant in greater noida with 2 , 200 employs . [66] wistron: taiwanese company to start manufacturing of blackberry , htc and motorola devices at a new factory in noida . [67] xiaomi: smartphones to be manufactured at a foxconn-run facility in sri city made operational by producing xiaomi redmi 2 prime . [68][69][70] hmd global: finnish company announced in early 2018 that it will start manufacturing all the parts of nokia phones in foxconn run facility in chennai . [71] electrical machinery[edit] see also: indian electrical and electronics manufacturers association food processing[edit] see also: indian cuisine , list of largest producing countries of agricultural commodities , list of world production , and indian institute of food processing technology india is among the largest producers of fruits , vegetables , rice and milk globally with trade surplus in food items export . [72] aarisa pitha of odisha , gushtaba of kashmir , chicken curry of punjab , khakhra and khandvi of gujarat , bamboo steam fish , vada and medhu vada of karnataka , khaja and inarsa of bihar , kebab of uttar pradesh and puran poliof maharashtra have been selected as traditional regional food to be promoted in the ongoing campaign . [73] marine products export development authority announced the deal to supply shrimp eggs to farmer in india for eventual exports of shrimp from india to other countries . [74] in odisha investor summit , poseidon aquatech announced plans to undertake shrimp farming and processing in the state at the cost of ₹100 crore ( $14 . 7 million ) . [75] noodles manufacturer indo nissin foods ltd also announced that it intended to invest additional ₹50 crore ( $7 . 3 million ) to expand the existing facility in odisha by 2017 . [75] exports[edit] in december 2017 , india announced it will shortly announce a new agricultural exports policy to promote indian and organic foods , enhance compliance of phytosanitary international food-safety requirements , development of farm-to-port and farm-to-airport cold chain with focus on 25 farm export clusters . [72] information technology and business process management[edit] see also: information technology in india , digital india , and bharatnet leather[edit] see also: calcutta leather complex , central leather research institute , and e . i . leather media and entertainment[edit] see also: media of india , entertainment industry in india , and bollywood mining[edit] see also: mining in india , list of mines in india , iron and steel industry in india , coal mining in india , and natural resources of india during odisha investor summit , nlc india signed a mou with govt . of odisha to set up a coal mining processing plant at the cost of ₹7 , 500 crore ( $1 . 1 billion ) . [75] oil and gas[edit] see also: oil and gas industry in india , list of oil refineries in india , bharat petroleum , ioc , ongc , and oil india in april 2018 , saudi arabian oil giant aramco signed an initial deal with a consortium of indian refiners to build a $44 billion refinery and petrochemical project on india's west coast . the project will include a 1 . 2 million-barrels-per-day ( bpd ) refinery , integrated with petrochemical facilities with a total capacity of 18 million tonnes per year . pharmaceuticals[edit] see also: pharmaceutical industry in india and indian drugs and pharmaceuticals in april 2018 , during pm modi's visit to sweden , biopharmaceutical firm astrazeneca said it will invest around ₹ 590 crore ( $90 million ) in india over the next five years . [76] ports and shipping[edit] see also: sagarmala , ports in india , and ports in indian ocean railways[edit] see also: dedicated freight corridors , indian railway , and dedicated freight corridor corporation of india alstom/ge transportation: the french and american rolling stock manufacturers announced ₹400 billion ( us$5 . 6 billion ) locomotive manufacturing factories in madhepura and marhaura in bihar . [77] hyperloop one: the american company working to commercialise hyperloop , signed a framework agreement with govt . of maharashtra to begin the development of the route from mumbai to pune , starting with an operational demonstration track . [78] train 18 began operating tests in october 2018 . it is a semi-high speed train , 80% domestically sourced . [79] rapid transit[edit] crrc: the chinese giant announced in 2016 that it is going to set up a railway equipment plant in bavo , haryana in dmic with an investment of $63 . 5 million . renewable energy[edit] see also: renewable energy in india in february 2018 , during uttar pradesh investors summit . avaada power and renew power announced solar projects worth ₹ 10 , 000 crore ( $1 . 4 billion ) and ₹8 , 000 crore ( $1 . 1billion ) each . [80] during magnetic maharashtra: convergence 2018 , renew power signed a mou with govt . of maharashtra and announced a solar projects worth $2 . 17 billion . [81] in august 2016 , nlc india announced that it is going to set up a 500mw solar power plant in odisha at the cost of ₹3 , 000 crore ( $441 million ) [75] roads and highways[edit] see also: bharatmala , indian road network , and national highway space and astronomy[edit] see also: indian space research organisation and isro thermal power[edit] see also: electricity sector in india and list of power stations in india in may 2017 , the union cabinet approved the construction of 10 indigenously-built pressurised heavy water reactors ( phwrs ) . the contracts for the reactors worth an estimated ₹70 , 000 crore ( us$9 . 7 billion ) will be awarded to indian companies . the construction 10 reactors with a combined nuclear capacity of 7 gw is also expected to create 33 , 400 direct and indirect jobs . [82] during odisha investor summit , nlc india signed a mou with govt . of odisha to set up a 2 , 000mw thermal power plant at the cost of ₹15 , 000 crore ( $2 . 2 billion ) [75] textiles and garments[edit] see also: textile industry in india tourism and hospitality[edit] see also: tourism in india wellness and healthcare[edit] see also: medical tourism in india , wellness tourism , ayurveda , ayush , and healthcare in india international healthcare firm columbia asia announced in june 2017 , that it will invest over ₹400 crore ( $60 million ) to set up two new hospitals in india by the end of 2019 as it looks to expand presence in the country . [83] in assam investor summit , indo-uk institute of health announced that it will setup a medical city in guwahati at cost of ₹1600 crore ( $231 million ) . [84] during happening haryana summit , patanjali group announced that it would set up a healthcare university and a healthcare centre with an investment of ₹5 , 000 crore ( $735 million ) . [85] in april 2015 , patanjali ayurved announced that it is going to open 10000 yoga gym in haryana to promote wellness , develop positive thinking among youths and immunise them from day-to-day ailments . [86]
this is horrible failure from indian govts mainly central . actually its a combined failure of every dept including media . . how was this different from thailand soccer players getting struck in cave couple of months ago ?
kani moddda moosi nadhi lantidi
emo uncle ee madya stock market pedhaga follow avatla
trust me man i was in there free telegram group they had good success rate . . i opted for paid membership . . . though i do my research before taking there trades . .
570 callers anta
mingey video lo di
uncle , manchi gifs unnay chudu

ok . i saw just yesterday . . for some reason i liked it a lot . .
papam . . . malle break even kaledu tarak ki
nice movie
ituvanti blockbuster story tho kuda tarak hit kottalekapovatam tarak fans yokka duradrushtam . . . tarak ki universal appeal lekapovatam oka pedda disadvantage ga maarindi bo kaada . . . papam .
india lost 11 million jobs in 2018 , rural areas worst hit: cmie the analysis report showed individuals from vulnerable groups , namely women , uneducated , wage labourers , agricultural labourers and small traders , being the worst hit by job losses in 2018 . businesstoday . in last updated: january 4 , 2019 | 15:13 ist we recommend vijay mallya becomes first person to be officially tagged as a fugitive economic offender key challenges that suspected hoarding of rs 2000 notes may pose to government more from the author simmba box office collection day 9: ranveer singh's film 4th highest grossing hindi movie of 2018 apple users need to be wary of this new phishing scam job scenario turned bleak in the past year , as almost 11 million indians lost their jobs during 2018 , a report by the centre for monitoring indian economy ( cmie ) said . the analysis report showed individuals belonging to vulnerable groups being the worst hit by job losses in 2018 . the cmie report showed that the number of unemployed has been steadily increasing in the country . the number of employed recorded in december 2018 was at 397 million , which is 10 . 9 million less than the figure of 407 . 9 million seen a year ago at the end of december 2017 . a closer observation of the unemployment trends shows that while people in both rural and urban india have been hit , most of the jobs losses were reported from former region . "an estimated 9 . 1 million jobs were lost in rural india while the loss in urban india was 1 . 8 million jobs . rural india accounts for two-thirds of india's population , but it accounted for 84 per cent of the job losses , " the report stated . also read:fresh investments in indian public sector at 14-year low: report women were significantly impacted by job losses during 2018 , where out of the 11 million jobs lost , women accounted for 8 . 8 million jobs whereas men lost only 2 . 2 million jobs . around 6 . 5 million rural women lost their jobs , whereas the figure for urban women was at 2 . 3 million . men on the other hand were not as affected by the job losses . urban men gained 5 , 00 , 000 jobs , whereas rural men lost 2 . 3 million jobs , the cmie report said . people belonging to age groups between 40 years to 59 years kept their jobs , while all other age groups saw jobs shrinking , the report said . around 3 . 7 million salaried employees lost jobs in 2018 . also , job losses were concentrated among the uneducated , as well as wage labourers , agricultural labourers and small traders . the latter three were also the worst affected in terms of employment during the aftermath of demonetisation . "so , the break-down of employment statistics by the various attributes of respondents discussed above tells us that a person who lost the job in 2018 mostly fits a profile like - is a woman , particularly a woman in rural india , is uneducated and is engaged as a wage labourer or a farm labourer or is a small-scale trader and is aged either less than 40 years or more than 60 years , " the report said . also read:services sector activity slowed slightly in december , job creation on rise "india's unemployment rate shot up to 7 . 4 per cent in december 2018 . this is the highest unemployment rate we've seen in 15 months . the rate has increased sharply from the 6 . 6 per cent clocked in november , " the report said . while employment estimates have been volatile between september and december , when month-over-month employment estimates have increased or declined by 5-7 million , the overall trend has shown a steep decline . the marginal decline seen in november was possibly an aberration in a trend that indicates towards a steady decline in jobs . the report stated that this analysis , however , is only a preliminary insight into the job scenario during the months of september to december , and are bound to have a margin for error which will be eliminated in further studies over next couple of months . also read:indian startups raised $38 . 3 billion in funding in 2018 edited by vivek punj
htr4
keep the flow flowing , bulbul69
tisuko kaka . but particular ga 270 yards endhuku ? sentiment ?
hehehe chi jeevitham
keep what's app video call
🤔 .
yenduku . . . ? venkanna chowdary ni convert chesiii . . . ` venkanna thomas choudary` ni chesthada ? ?
oorini eshalo
ఇంకా వెరియేషన్లు ఉన్నాయ్ . . జిఫ్ఫులు తీస్తా
yes . adi eddithanam valla vachhina maarpu
oho ila jariginda
i dont know cbn kante but surely better than that jail jagan . . . oka kaidi cm yela avuthadu ra bhai
ap public idhi chestey ap will be top in many sectors
caste slave kukka ani db lo evarro selavichaaru nenu naaamakaranam cheyyaledhu bedarrr

he is busy in farm house
ma mandalam and chuttu pakka vallu edaina party chesukovalante nrt poyi edo bars lo taagi ravali . wine shop leka kadu and sitting leka kadu vunnay avi vurlo but its not kinda parting type kada . 4 acres land vundi hiway ki oka 1km dooram lo and road vundi bane polaniki . oka pedda well kuda vundi full water . oka acre lo shed vesi 2 bigrooms and patio vachettu , oka swimming pool vesthe ela vuntadi ani thinking . oka fridge and stove padesthe chalu . online booking petti one day ki 5k rent ani workout ayidda and manchiga greenary grass maintain chesthe political chinna meetups ki annitiki panikosthadi . and after tht chinnaga poultry kuda pettochu . is this good idea ? kurrallu sari ina partying place leka , bars lo free ga enjoy cheyaleka chastunnaru ani telisindi police lani maintain cheyali ila cheyali ante
picha lite
anni kastam yedo project work ichinattu isthunnav . . list istha imdb lo antha yethukko
turak countries lo gender equality ani cheptunava leka female domination antunava konchem ardam ayela cheppu vnkl
gujju aunty kada
i think since you have difference of 2 bands ( l 8 . 5 - w 6 . 5 ) it is free if you opt to remark . if that's the case go ahead and do it . i applied for remark when i got 6 . 5 in writing . but my result didn't change . good luck
ielts writing eppudu takkuva istharu enduku assalu ? janalu multiple times rayalana enti ?
process enti ? friend ki federal project vachindi . 6 weeks paina ayyindi hire chesukoni fingerprints cheyinchaledhu drug test cheyinchaledhu , equip raaledhu . vendor gaadu idhigo vasthundi adigo vasthundi antunnaru . security check chesthunnaru antunnadu . fingerprints lekunda criminal check ento ardham kavatam ledhu naaku . recent ga federal project vachinavallu konchem process cheppandi please . credit check ki and some other papers fill ayithe chesaru starting lo
prakash raj to contest from this constituency in 2019 - ntv actor prakash raj as become politically vocal since the murder of journalist gauri lankesh and prakash raj started making pungent criticism against modi government in the name of just asking . prakash raj has announced on the eve of new year , that he will be contesting in 2019 elections for lok sabha and since then there is much curiosity over his constituency . prakash raj after discussing with his aides , has clarified that he will be contesting from bengaluru central constituency . watch the video for more details .
y does he cry if people fake . . . eedu job chesukoka . . . veedu ippudu ikkada masters chesaka veedu kuda idhi chesevadu . . . yedava sodhi . .
చుక్కల భూములపై సీఎం వద్దకు శివాజీ 06-01-2019 02:36:40 అమరావతి , జనవరి 5 ( ఆంధ్రజ్యోతి ) : ‘‘చుక్కల భూముల సమస్యను పరిష్కారం కాకుండా ముగ్గురు ఉన్నతాధికారులు , కలెక్టర్‌ అడ్డుపడుతున్నారు . ఆ అధికారులు ఎవరన్నది స్వయంగా ముఖ్యమంత్రికే చెప్తాను’’ అని అన్న సినీ హీరో శివాజీ ఆ మేరకు శనివారం చంద్రబాబును కలిశారు . ఆ విషయాలను సీఎంకి వివరించారు . అ నంతరం విలేకరులతో మాట్లాడారు . ‘‘చుక్క ల భూముల సమస్యపై సీఎం తో మాట్లాడాను . పరిష్కారానికి చర్యలు తీసుకోకుంటే ఉద్యమిస్తానని తెలిపాను . ఇప్పటికే కలెక్టర్లకు చెప్పామనీ , చర్యలు తీసుకుంటున్నామని ఆయనతెలిపారు’’ అని శివాజీ అన్నారు .
direct ga velli kaliste andariki doubt vastadi , ilaa pressmeet petti edo oka vanka tho velli deal set chesuntadu . already amaravathi 2 apts registration completed ! ! ! !
test completed . pass
nri vadu surname aa
dbian of the year piscop gurincha enni id's ban chesina malli id istunaduku vote lu guddinattunaru
ante
one died in the beginning
great people from day 1 these people are fighting left parties and janasena also great super pk
ee video ni mee intlo and other db ankuls intlo youtube nundi block chesimingandi vaa
same here . mukkodu ante lite kani , trs stable government form cheyyala ani korukunna
it minister ktr anna chesina website ni criticizing a . . . . andhrolla kutra##
visakha lo common man
hope u feel better now
kidding
ya one was not my fault . . . time bad emo but this is too much to take . . okati major ey car totaled
preethi eco plus 4 jar mixer grinder 110 volts
మేం అధికారంలోకి వస్తే . . అప్పుడు చూపిస్తాం: కేఏ పాల్ గతంలో తాను 200 దేశాల నుంచి 2045 మందితో బిజినెస్ కాన్ఫరెన్సులు పెట్టానని . . ఇప్పుడు అలాగే సదస్సులు పెట్టి డొనేషన్లు రాబడతానన్నారు . వాటితో రుణాలను తీర్చేస్తానన్నారు . ఏడు కోట్ల కోట్ల రూపాయలలో ఏడు లక్షల కోట్లు తీసుకొచ్చి . . రెండు లక్షల కోట్లతో రుణమాఫీ తీర్చినా . . ఇంకా ఐదు లక్షల కోట్లు మిగులుతాయన్నారు . ఆ డబ్బులతో ఐదేళ్లకు బడ్జెట్ కేటాయింపులు జరుపుతామన్నారు .
yes
this term cbn has kept his promises much better than previous terms but no politician can beat thatha
నాలా కూల్ గా రిప్లై ఇచ్చేవాళ్ళు కూడా ఉంటారు ఆ సామాజికవర్గంలో
nice combo
cold ki balls freeze avvatleda meeku
table fan annaai nuv kooda undavalli anti fan aaa
oh i see
it will take at least three to four weeks to get the letter with control number . now you can get the requested document online as pdf after they process your request instead of waiting for cd through mail . register at first . uscis . gov using the control ncr and the pin they will sent in the mail .

paidi wake up man ekkuva sepu padukunte ilanti pichhi kalale vasthayi
evaduvi﻿ ra nuvvu na original id use chesthundhi ? naa id login yela dorikindhi ra payakhanalu kadige pawala illiterate fan﻿ ﻿﻿ ban ﻿﻿my previo﻿us id
good .
veedi life lo kooda oka lp vasthe apudu start avuthundi asalu cinema
this is not chillar thread
true . . . but eventually people will lose interest and db will become penta . hits thagguthay , loss to owners . manadem poyyedhi ledhu .
daily before bed caffeine free tea ( sleep inducing ) + clover honey . .
i give bonus
maaku adhi bee ledhu , congrats brother .
nee opikaki mecchukovali baa 😂
happy new year ra sai ga
emo . . . balayya babu getup ntr ni resemble cheyatle anipistundi . . .
i m in . partnership details pls
first on cnn: hundreds of tsa screeners , working without pay , calling out sick at major airports washington ( cnn ) hundreds of transportation security administration officers , who are required to work without paychecks through the partial government shutdown , have called out from work this week from at least four major airports , according to two senior agency officials and three tsa employee union officials . the mass call outs could inevitably mean air travel is less secure , especially as the shutdown enters its second week with no clear end to the political stalemate in sight . "this will definitely affect the flying public who we ( are ) sworn to protect , " hydrick thomas , president of the national tsa employee union , told cnn . at new york's john f . kennedy international airport , as many as 170 tsa employees have called out each day this week , thomas tells cnn . officers from a morning shift were required to work extra hours to cover the gaps . call outs have increased by 200%-300% at dallas-fort worth international airport , where typically 25 to 30 tsa employees call out from an average shift according to a local tsa official familiar with the situation .
he is a lunch break hero
e erripu videos ento , stop watching these type of sh ! tty stuff
కేసీఆర్ కి భాష సంస్కృతీ మీద అభిమానముంది . బొల్లిగాడు వాడి బ్యాచికి కుళ్ళు మనవాళ్ళంటే . కులదైవం కామరావుకు కూడా పడదని వాట్సాప్లో ఒకటే మెసేజిలు నాకు ఫోన్ తెరిస్తే అన్ని అవే
money ekkuva ayyi . . . black money ni white cheyadanki like mesthris investing in indian restaurants . . .
money laundering baa
bleach baga use chestaru emo
aa elections velu pettina vasana ki baga nachindi bro
pulkas trying for mental but mental not saying ok jaggu with dora indirectly lol
nee brand value neeku telusthale ankul . . patent teeskundam next time
no sorry . . . . we want benefits antunna dbians
rey esedi edo mamoolu pics veyyandi ehe . office lo twitter blocked
dollar rate perigae chances ?
no
bhoomi paina
lol nuvvu visa meeda ochinava direct u . s la puttinava kaka ?
daridharam ga undi
lol ulli
compulsions bro
poradu mast aadtundu . . . . he will shine one day
ipdud unna team lo only kohli will captain untill he retires may be 7-8 yrs ? . . next unna list veede poragadu . . . ani ala post vesa . . . .
inko laksa mandhi thummina saripoddu
wall ki funding vachentavaraku emo
enduku theesesav . it was funny . full navvu ochindhi
haha . . nuvvu chusava ? manasuki nacchindhi movie ? oka song baguntadhi dhantlo
joke of the day . get a job soon man . . you will be alright .
ramoji thatha . . ntr ni chepputho kottadu anta ga . . . nadendla garu chepparu
aath care
reasons ee kinda thread lo cheepa .
ఆ బయోపిక్ చూసాక నరనరాలకి నిప్పెట్టినంత excitingగా ఉంటుందని నాకు వాట్సాప్లో పొలోమని వచ్చేస్తున్నాయి జోకులు
corey schafer videos unnayi youtube lo watch those , his way of teaching is clear and to the point .
yila topic theesao ledu id create cheskochav kada nee yenkamma
taking or talking ?
no ! i was referring the one and only stable genius . .
now vuuu . . . . .
endi bhayya paristhithi mari , btc malli between 8-10k madhyalo chudocha ? ? where do you this will go in the next 3 months or so . . hold chesi chesi last ki clean bowled aindi . .
maa tg la kcr election campagin lo vachina manushlani laffot , lathkor sannasi ani annadu . monne aadi sanka naaku eed isanka naithivi ani kooda annadu . avvi boothulu kadhu ani entha cheppina nakka fans ni artha ayithaledhu . . ippudu ee andhorllu kooda shuru chesirru .
sodara . . evaru janalani thittina trolling ni thattukovali . kcr , cbn ani kadhu evadu ala head weight tho virravigithe andharni vodhala kuda mingutham . . .
మోడీ అనేవాడు సైలెంటుగా అన్ని గమనిస్తున్నాడు . మర్చిపోతాడనుకుంటున్నాడీనా . . వడ్డీ తో సహా తిరిగిస్తాడు . ఊరికే పీఎం అయిపోలేదతను .
suupr dude . congrats
eating dark chocolates can change brain wave frequency , improvise stress reduction and memory improvement . is it true ?
sc
dheddimak gadivi na idhar ka na udhar ka chekka . . .
em kaadu until vomerica is dominant country , oka sari china dominate cheste appudu vomerica will be like zimbambe
calm life permanent kadu bro . mundu jagrathaga prepare aithe manchidi .
pk choosukuntadu h1b issues tho patu
ఒక పెళ్ళైన మహిళను నీ మొగుణ్ణి వదిలేసి రా మనం పెళ్లిచేసుకుందాం అనే వాడు రాముడా రావణాసురుడా ? అంటే తెర మీద రాముడి పాత్ర కృష్ణుడి పాత్ర వేసినంత మాత్రాన దేవుడైపోతాడా ?
wtf , no bro mari antha galisodini kadhu . . . nakantey 3 years chinna nivetha antha ga . . . . . . . . . . . . . thappu em undhi
ap will be hub of airports . . airport la sangamam planning
inspired brother
అమరావతి: సీఎం చంద్రబాబు దావోస్‌ పర్యటనపై కేంద్రం ఆంక్షలు విధించింది . ప్రతి ఏడాది 14-15మంది ప్రతినిధులతో దావోస్‌లో జరిగే ప్రపంచ ఆర్థిక వేదిక చంద్రబాబు సదస్సుకు వెళ్తున్నారు . ఈ ఏడాది ఏడు రోజుల పర్యటనను 4రోజులకు కుదించుకోవాలని కేంద్రం సూచించింది . 15మందికి బదులు ఐదుగురే వెళ్లాలని ఆంక్షలు విధించింది . దీంతో ఈనెల 20 నుంచి 26వ తేదీవరకు దావోస్‌ వెళ్లేందుకు సీఎం కార్యాలయం కేంద్రం అనుమతి కోరింది . కేంద్రం ఆంక్షలపై సీఎం చంద్రబాబు ఆగ్రహం వ్యక్తం చేశారు . మళ్లీ అనుమతి కోరాలని సీఎంవో అధికారులను ఆయన ఆదేశించారు .
rip
i will post few examples .
congrats ba
many got , see comments rachel singleton thank you soo much emirates for tickets ! i got mine like · reply · 5028 mins julia schröder it's time for some good shopping emirates like · reply · 1620 mins robert bosch it was busy at the emirates counter today . it seems that a lot of people have got these tickets like · reply · just now michael drechsler yes ! it's just awesome , thanks emirates . like · reply · 277 mins johanna grunewald yeeess , i got emirates coupon . like · reply · 183 mins christin drechsler who would have thought that i could have a emirates tickets like · reply · just now diana loewe thank you emirates like · reply · just now florian metzger now i can go for honeymoon soon like · reply · just now claudia vogler thank you so much , emirates like · reply · just
34 minutes ago , chinnabaabu said: thappemundhi bro . caste maniacs like ramoji , ntr , cbn , muralimohan ruled the roost for decades . it will be 30% cops vs 7% reds in the future . with the demise of cbn , pappu will reign in the strings of tdp and thus eventually tdp will be confined to history . just like how aurangazeb had single handedly put an end to otherwise greatest mughal empire started by his forefathers . nuvvu nee yetakaram redd led mudd led kap led pak led future will be ruled by bc ( obcs ) already pm tho started re meekundile mundu mundu
nuv lekapote db traffic evadu penchutadu va , anduke db mods action teesukunaru
😂😂😂 vadu cheppina matale cheppina . . bhale comedy unnadu nadendla thatha nuvvu aa pakshi raju id lo vocchey inka
aatma gouravam love da ani cheppukune thammullu . . . . kaalla daggara padatam telugu jaathi kosame antaara
nuvvu enni arichina waste . db ki cbn ni thidithe chevulu vinipinchavu
why underestimate pk , he has gud support
ఆ ఛానళ్లలో రావాలంటే బాబుగారు ఒప్పుకొవాలిగా
నేను కామన్ మ్యాన్ అండీ ! ప్రశ్నించకూడదా ? నా constitutional right అది . మీరుకూడా మా రాజమండ్రి ప్రెస్ క్లబ్బులో మీటింగ్ పిలుచుకోండి .
i am chittinaidu anna
example elevation
thaaginodi noti venta vedaalu , pravachanaalu expect sesthunna bothigaa amayakudi laaga unnaaveyy
1 dqy ante apply cgesi vache sariki status aipoyi untadi , denial aina anthe
ee relatives ki pani matta vundav eppudu vere valla life meeda concentration
raogariabbai theda inside and outside emo ba
jai balayyya
veedi ki inka ads ye gathi . . . home security systems ki ads chesthe apt ga untadhi . .
haha . . galli level ki kuda doubt a
link time aa ? evaritho link ?
ivanni waste yevvaralu sir , elections ayyaka compulsions elagu untayi ycp /tdp evado okadiki suffort iyyalsinde
emundhi pawala gadu mingey annadu kabatti next support jaggadine aduguthademo inka
madhyalo dora , kvp , myhome , lingamaneni lanti valla prodhbalyam undali kadha . . kalyan babu ontariga velthe padhi kuda kashtame mari . . arati pandu thokka theesi mari cbn notlo pettela unnaru jailgun & god
india lo untayi . . thru some br0kers . . ikada kuda na ?
you mean veeragandham venkata subba rao meeda na ? ?
em raamudikena fans , vaali ki lera . . . . vaali ki fans lenide ajith ni petti surya teesinda aa title tho . . . dantha maa daivam meeda , maa vision meeda debba kottaniki chesthunna kutra . . . maa aatma goravam kosam , ilanti daadulai thippi kodatham . . peddanna korukunna samraajyam teesukostham . . .
k
mamulu comedy kadu brother idi . . . . yellow color ki correct justification istunav nee posts tho
అమరప్రేమ ! made for each other జంట
watched long back . .
200-300$ konchem atu itu gaa
rei gap iyyandi ra daaniki . . . . t wood lo already vaadukunaru relief kosam ikkadi ki oste ikkada kooda ade edupu mee mokaal manda
business model[edit] duckduckgo earns revenue by serving ads from the yahoo–bing search alliance network and through affiliate relationships with amazon and ebay . [30]
reality matladu why dreams
cc
please suggest safe apartments for family in around collerville or german town
i am from tampa anna
nenu chestha daily kani entha sweet ga undadhu first 3 mins good talking next 2 min aravatam next 4 mins cooling down . . .
em vnkl all set aa ready 4 dance
i will join you brother .
ok anna
no problem for me anna
laxmis ntr lo pettaru anta
exactly , inka entha mandhi unnar ra nee venakala ani g pgl 10gl sindhi .
vjw anthe ga mari cbn ki hyd lo same told no
thanks akkai
netfilx 😎
damn . . . . . . . . . . . hotshot technologies
warner anna back ye ga ? aa time ki
poyindi anukunnollaki poyindi ledu anukunte ledu ela kaavalante ala anukovatame . . . .
correct
endhe dippam . . . . nee ekkada ?
how many times 69 ani asking bro

its not pilla congres . . . its langacongress alias #tdp - tuesday party
yaaaakkkkk thuuuuuuuuuuuuuu dennnamma jeevithammm
chittimalu aa
2019 is the year of fake ids anukuntaa so far . . chittmalu , father_of_jessee_bb etc etc
idi chaalu inka ycp ki bande . . . . anti incumbacny opposition votlu cheelipovatam chances chala ekkuva .
apple lowered its q1 guidance , following weaker than expected iphone sales and a weakening economy in china . . . apple lowered revenue guidance to $84 billion , down from the $89 to $93 billion it had previously projected
ide interview lo labor pundakor lu ayina ballaya or lokayya unte sussu rangaa untadii . . . . . super bumper hit .
lol isn't it that anchor's ignorance that should be made fun of ?
ivala morning put 10k in mutual fund stocks . . . . fbalx veu vti fbgrx and one company stock i bought is bx
yeah . . .
adi comm kadu kabati end avadu . . asal comm pustakalolone baguntadi . . and mostly e ulfa batch chesedi comm kindaki radu . . . dani peru chepukoni chesthuna arachakalu real comm valla ideology una valu evadu edana namandi kani andaru bagundali . . socio-economical equality undali ani korukunevalu
choosaa super movie songs ippatiki fresh ga vintunnattunnaai kamal hassan excellent acting chinnappudu kamal fingers tho podichedi chinnappudu try chesina incident gurthochindi
☺️
generally a website with needs to retrieve information from database is usually build in php , mysql . . . . are they any programming languages which are more efficient and easy to build websites with database connectivity , i heard there are many frameworks where we can readily use them instead of coding from scratch . . . any inputs ? ?
virginia tobacco mint those are my 2 favs konni rojulu mango vaadina but not liked that much
general opinion: 3 years - 5 years . .
yes . . now a days 3 also too much va 2 years aite vokay
☝️👍
apcharam brother . ayana etu vellina rendu rojulaki saripada battalu , oka godugu , vepa pullalu , ila annee thane theeskellevaru . edhuru vallaki ibbandhi lekunda
no news in cnn , cnbc ?
great you still alive , if not gofund zindabad
మొత్తం విప్పేసింది భయ్యా | nenu lenu trailer | nenu lenu official trailer | romantic trailers2019 #nenulenutrailer #romantictrailer #nenulenu
video choodaledhu kaani nuvvu awesome annav ante cbn ni pogadadamo , tdp ki anukoolanga matladadamo chesi untadu
vizag ki metro service eligibility undi all cities with population more than 20 lakhs plus can get metro as per rules formed in 2006 by urban development ministry . .
inka eedu shed ki ready aa
body build chesudu peddha pani em kaadhu bro , manchiga thini solid sleep vesi rojuki 2 hrs gattiga gym kodithe super body vasthadhi , danculu nerchikovadaniki with expressions koncham time padthadhi , but cnma ki crores isthunnappudu aa mathram nerchukokunda endhuku vastharu bro ? unless nag lanti vadu nana aithe thappa . . bhayata institutes lo veellakanna manchiga chese vallu minimum laksha mandhi untaru but they own studios and not from cine families anthe
mana rajanna ? ? ?
flight risk ante ?
car koni more than one year aythey its waste buddy . already firs tabnk ki nuvvu intrest kattesinav , eppudu refinance chesina waste as you will be paying from starting to the new bank
prajala kosam vachadu
entha interesting ga present chesthunnav annadani meeda untadhi . make comedy videos
ok
పవన్ కళ్యాణ్ మాతో కలిసి రావాలి : చంద్రబాబు #chandrababu #pawankalyan #ap2019elections
why is cbn not saying pk is another modi ?
lol emundi taatha
😂
thatha nuvvu ekkada nunchi testhavu post lu andari fb and twitter post lu naku kanapadathai ne posts matgram na browser block chesthundi daniki telusu anukunta nuvvu vesevi ani scrap post lu anni
originals poyay kada . . . inkela vastay
aina documents povadam endi vayya . . ekkada padite akkada pettestara . . . leda evadaina kottesada . . .
thella papa ni evaraina pelli cheskunnara ? cheskunte advantages , disadvantages em untay ?
advantage: you don’t need to buy fair and lovely for her . dis advantage : you need to buy fair and lovely for yourself
labour onions and teedys gallaku fichhal pack ayithunnayi . it will revive the memories of people again . . thanks to ballaya .
this will be the first time in the history of our nation where a cm has challenged a pm for a debate . kotha trend set chesing .
అధికారులతో మమేకమైన లోకేష్ అన్న అందరిలాంటి వాటర్ బాటిల్ గమనించండి అదీ ఆయన గొప్పతనం
alif laila and karan the detective . . . and the 2₹ ice fruit after playing cricket
konnitiki explanation vundadu man . democratic compulsion valla aa time lo ala cheyyaka thappaledu . charithrathmaka avasaram adi .
cc
h1ead epatidhaka vachindi
emaina sai ankul introduce chesaada ? endhi ee dkc ids ila ekkuvayyay . . emem benifits isthundu vaa sai meeku ?
oh
ante anni cases oke la untayi ani anukoku kaka .
aadangi id pettukoni mogadi la tirige narthanshalaaa gallu entha mandi unnaru . . sushma reddy aithe naku telusu . .
dont go hard on . he is cbn troll . indirect gaa 10guthaadu cbn ni posts tho .
ni yavva
idem logic . veedi logic prakaram zoo gaadu potu podiste correct kaani cbn potu ela correct ?
uncle , nee id chustunte for sure tdp ke vote vesela unnav uncle nuvvu in 2019 elections
mental fellow
ba , ni password verey vollaki ebduku ichinav . . .
calling biggboss biggest fan
malli aa ? veedu maaradu .
spl tea ah maamulu tea ah . . .
which service allows us to send money with notes to the receiver i need to add the notes to stating why am i sending the money and for whom .
lol
. . . . . . . . . . .
andhuke just read above article
neeku matter artham kaavatledu , sadhu uncle full uncensored video release cheyyananduku db lo konni vargaala manobhaavaalu debba thinnaayi , aa vargaalu kaksha gatti uncle meeda charyalu teesukomani prabhutvam meeda voththidi ni teeesukostunnaayi
oy
asalu court endhuku getting involved in religious issues congis and commies ki ide pana thu
who is this kadraywer man
pedda lbor loude
y ?
are you dropping it ? where in manhattan ?
f*ck as many bitches as i can
indulo hatred yemundi bhayya . . . 🙏🏼
deniki e interview
ba gelusthadu antava
yes bring back babu . . chi . . . . bring back mani
kathanayakudu movie kosam waiting brother chiranjeevi movies memu chudamu brother
andham , telivi chadhuvu annee unna prajala kosam rajakiyallo dhigina lokesh babu ke ma vote
do we really need an airport within 100 to 150km distance ? america lo kuda alaledu , except major airport busy aithe inkokati nearby vundi . state split avaka mundu vijayawada ni evadu vade vadu kadu . . enduku e money waste programs
bollywood oka vaividhyamaina natudini kolpoyindi . . . chinnapudu doordarshan lo ee thatha movies chusevadni . . . every friday night
any chances this might be
chances are there
80 years anta lk gadiki . .
bro he is jaffa not kamarao”s pulka or mukkus langa
happy new year
basic versions aey free kada zoom , webex and gotomeeting ? i think zoom is better than gotomeeting . video conferencing zoom lo better . . zoom is cheaper than webex as well if u want to buy pro . zoom allow more participants ( 50 ) than webex and gotomeeting ( 7-8 ) as well .
thanq
fantastic . . mind blowing . . wind blowing teaser😜
fake gadivi neeku bp avsarama ? ?
already ochindi late ga apply chesinanduku denied ani , kani vallu first application correct fee pampina reject chesi venakki pamparu incorrect fee ani . second application overnight cheste 1 day late vellindi ( ead expired july 5th and application reached on july 6th ) . ippudu attorney ni kaliste mtr apply cheddam annadu .
vv
already 1st opt aypoyi 3 months aypoindi . ippudu nenu mtr apply cheste naku approve ayye chances ekkuva unnayo ledo ardam kavatledu . miku telisina vallu evaraina apply cheste please cheppandi result ento
rx 100 below avg aaa
average movi
asalu anni cinemalu chudataniki gurtu pettu kodaniki chala great ra ayya needi
aa movie ekkaledu ante ee kalam guntala reality digest katledu ani artham cheskovachu
arjun teddy overrated
eee erri puuu eshalu tagginchukuntey manchidi . . . . abn gadu m gudipadu inkq digajarjakandi vayya . new year eve kuda ee bj lu avasarama
2018 lo na luck . . .
i love u raja
intiki asalu pothava ?
waste
vuu
education is power . . . ask who doesn't get one . .
stupid banned
guys submitted finger prints via mail to fbi . online it is saying 14 weeks to get results . . . did anyone submit their finger prints recently . canadian immigration is asking to submit all checks within 7 weeks !
online poker is illegal in usa except nevada and nj
hyd 60% rejections . . . good luck
are u seroius ?
diet cheydam health is the number one priority
20 lbs taggali . . back strengtning cheyali and personal loans 25k vunnai teercheyali . . . ivee targets naaku . .
ante repu la fitness , crunch fitnes , anytime planet anni house full annamata
double my investments , double my bank balance . . ! good luck to me .
nairashyam brah

promotions vachinanduku
who is pushpams ba
nakem telsu twitter lo sankara sastry posted
rendu open cheyyi . nre aithe non taxable , nro ki 30% tax kattali for any accumulated interests . nre lo indian currency deposit cheyyalem only possible in nro account
xoom lo 1 usd = 69 . 0801 inr .
ban this spammer
papum pulka gallu ika goddu chaakiri cheyyali
chudamuchqtesthondhi vella kastaalu annavu ya ee thread lo naa posts thappa verevi levu justify
calling patti aapram king
4 . 7bnonly for soya inka corn and wheat ku ento too much bailout . if these policies continue next time thata ku kastame
thank you and wish you the same
come here .
if temple office ready to give exp certificate for 3 yers is that enough ?
enti chuck ippudu choosava ? its an old show no . . why digging it up now ?
aruuyoo nsnnu syanuncgu bgaaa
working and dbing
anduke oka hand paiki madatha pettadu watch kanipinchataniki 😀
we don't know if it is original or not . . . baga balsinollu fake esina original antar . . . mamul janal real dhi esina fake ah ani doubt padtar
how many of you buy ? i buy and it’s very soft i like it . actually my bf likes it very much . he enjoys sucking while i wear vs undies .
ielts dorukuthundha exam date and center isthey🤪
prometric database hack
to improve my knowledge
anni na ?
y﻿ou﻿﻿ are going to have so much success in 2019 . things have already begun to shift in your favor . everythi﻿ng you’ve been doing this year was the building blocks and foundation for something great . speak it into existence for yourself and be ready to receive . ”﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿
perulone undi nara . . .
mugullu vesukovachu pasupu kumkumalu ichu kovachu upavaasalu undavachu bhakti geetalu paadukovochu
yellow slaves media anta
baka antey sollu muchatlu annattu
adhey paniga udharakotadam . . like propaganda
baka aka baaanisakukka aka bhajanabrundham
moragatam

nice job
costco lo netgear r7900p-100nas $169 . 99 ki ostundi . . . try that it’s good for 1gbps nighthawk routers baguntaay check out in other stores . . . but remember 2 . 4 ghz tho you may not get more than 400mbps . . . for getting max out of your 1gbps you should look for 5 . 0ghz and at least 802 . 11 n /ac . . so take a dual band or triband router and setup 5 . 0
chinuku chinuku andelatoh chita pata chirunavvultoh nilimabbu kurula nodili jadavidichi nannu talachi vana jana adinde vayyaramga neella pula jallinde singaranga rajasekhar ramyakrishna
running chesthe it helps burn more but adokkate chesthe thaggavu you should check the portions of food u r eating also do intermittent fasting main ga 2 types afternoon 12- 8pm lopu eat lunch and dinner . migatha 16 hours zero calories . only black tea or coffee and water . do 2-3 times per week inko kind 24hrs lunch to lunch or dinner to dinner . do once a week then slowly 2 times based on how much you wanna lose . it's a lifestyle change and you can make it a habit rather than some diet which is hard to follow . i do 24 hrs once a week . lunch to lunch . dinner appudu black tea then sleep . lechaka stand up meetings tea thage lopu aipodhi time
man , i don't believe in too much emphasis on diet , grand parents ate everything , rice mostly , 90+ varaku bagane unnaru vallu so i think diet meedha too much focus kante mobility chala chala important keep moving , working out etc , mari chetta food avoid chesthe chalu
emi undi cheou bro i also need some info on them
we play with ak-47 everyday day . . . jujubi
please puli ni pilli tho compare chesi izath thiyodhu ani manolu briefed
evaru oppukunna oppukokapoyina it revolution tisukochindi rajiv gandhi ee , konchem subject ni ardam chesukondi bhayya
obama discussed about amaravati development with lokesh who was neither mlc not minister that time . but it is impossible that rajiv who was president of congress party will discuss about it park with the state cm which is ruled by congress party that time antunna pilla congress fans .
nenu em rasanu thread start chesinappudu oka sari chaduvu sodara .
ayina nuvvu register chesina , inka evaru inspire avvarantaava . . . #just asking
db lo abuses ke amma , akka lani lagi thidtharu kondharu . . . papam ameni inka real life lo thittaru mari evadi . . . noppi vadike thelusthadhi . . . so akkada ameni labour ane mundhu . . . . .
sai pallavi thop dancer back ground dancer la too much hit ayyedi papam heroine ayindi
yes amma canteen started way back quality wise i don't know
langa canteens ani kachara start chesindu em ayyay avi .
correct ey kadaaa . . . . . he is right anna canteeens levu ga outside of ap it's indeed one of it's kind in world
papam man nee badha pagodiki kooda rakoodadu .
poster tho ne record break lu inga movie release iathe bahubali records ni kottinatte
babu avesa padadu bro . . chanakya chakram tipputhadu . . . tirigithe chanakyam tiragakapothe thuch ante saripodhi
ante first thought em ostundi intelligent 🤓 fellows ki ani vesa
funny fellow
nijalu enti ante snow uncle . vedu a navven dagariki podam vadu malli cbn ni approach avvadam . delhi lo kalustha anna bsp vallu hand ivvadam . asalu kachara ki evadu telusu delhi lo . akkada kudaraledu ani ikkadiki vachi 2 pegs esi meeting pettindu . andariki telusu idi nuvvu inka cover drive chey
inthaki nuvvu mohanbabu pic tho vunde snowbabu ane old id nede na ? u r working on sap kada
jagan spandhinchaledha ?
wait and see
haha nenu ade anukunna . . . ide comment vedham anuknna . . . bagodhu le ani veyyala . . . . appudu kooda ysr ilagae aegiradu . . . . poyadu . . . .
cheyaali bro thappadhu 25 yrs ki okasaaari manavallaki favor gaa vennupotu okati kaavaaali
banisa langa
కుటుంబానికో స్మార్ట్‌ ఫోన్‌ రాష్ట్రంలో దారిద్య్రరేఖకు దిగువన ఉన్న ప్రతి కుటుంబానికి ఒక స్మార్ట్‌ఫోన్‌ అందిస్తే ఎలా ఉంటుందో ఆలోచించాలి . దాన్ని ఉపయోగించుకుని వారు అభివృద్ధి చెందేందుకు దోహదపడాలి . - కలెక్టర్లతో ముఖ్యమంత్రి
pls continue . . . . . . . . time heels . . . . .
ఓరి వీడి పాసుగుల నేదురుమల్లి జనార్దన్ రెడ్డి ముఖ్యమంత్రిగా ఉన్నప్పుడు రాజీవ్ గాంధీ ప్రధానిగా ఉన్నాడా ? కెసిఆర్ ని అబద్ధాలకు అంతూపొంతూ ఉండదా నువ్వు ఇతరులను విమర్శించే వాడివి నేదురుమల్లి జనార్ధన్ రెడ్డి డిసెంబర్ 1990 నుంచి అక్టోబర్ 92 వరకు ముఖ్యమంత్రిగా ఉన్నాడు రాజీవ్ గాంధీ అప్పుడు ప్రతిపక్ష నాయకుడు మే 91లో చనిపోయాడు ఇంక నువ్వు చెప్పినట్టు ఆ పెద్ద ఐటీ కంపెనీలు రాజీవ్ గాంధీని అడిగింది ఎక్కడ జనార్ధన్ రెడ్డి చేసింది ఎక్కడ ? రాజీవ్ గాంధీ ఎప్పుడు చనిపోయారు జనార్ధన రెడ్డి ఎప్పుడు ముఖ్యమంత్రిగా ఉన్నాడు కనీస అవగాహన లేకుండానే రాజకీయాల్లో ఉన్నావు నువ్వు మల్ల నువ్వు నాకు సత్యం తెలుసు కాబట్టి అని అసత్యము చెప్పటం సిగ్గు సిగ్గు
but kcr clearly said rajiv gandhi pm gaa unnappudu . . . . . . . .
fake gaallu with support pani chestunnatlundi andulo
13 minutes ago , aakathaaii2 said: cbn bro naku prize esthara ? . half bottle cheap liquor vundhi . . . kacahara cm press meet mundu taagi vadilesina . . miglinadhi nuvvu taagu . . masthu kick and hallucination .
nuvvu cheaf liquor thaagithe andaru thaagaru bradaru not everyone baanisa like you tdp party office lo working bradar

lol
yeyyi maaki . . . nuv elli raft foundation buildings kattuko
anyway , for idiots . . . telecom policy was formulated in 1984-85 and bangalore , hyd of today have benefited from that . . . now , telecom policy ki , cyber towers ki link endi ante . . . . poi pandukondi . . lekapothey nandamurifans db ki vellandi , mee butta daniki thapa deniki panikiradu
self-harm also looks like:- self-harm also looks like:- • trying to satisfy everyone . • saying “no” to yourself . • seeking acceptance . • keeping toxic people around . • living somebody else’s path .
b﻿agaaaa﻿aaaaaa﻿
﻿
aunty is balka suman range . . . kcr is too much for her
ugly chudalee . . thx
yeah man , daily service aithe better . . . state government budget saripotada ? ante deficit lo vundi ani lolli lolli chestundu kada . . .
nee dirty crying aapu ra babu . ap people and its leader meeda full hatred tho sachipoyela unnav . . mee kachara gadi pani ayipoyinatte ika . . countdown started .
matallo kani politics lo kani brain lo kani ? what u guys think
the ministry of new & renewable energy in india plans to add yet another record-breaking project in its portfolio and it has chosen the district of anantapur in the state of andhra pradesh where it plans the world’s largest solar-wind hybrid project . the mega project will have a capacity of 160 megawatts and would be built over a land area of 1000 acres . the project is expected to entail an investment of approximately inr 1000 crores ( $155 million ) . the world bank has agreed to provide funding for the project . this hybrid solar wind project will be jointly developed by solar energy corporation of india ( seci ) , the renewable energy agency of andhra pradesh , nredcap , and andhra pradesh transco . the project is expected to have 120 megawatts of solar power and 40 megawatts of wind energy capacity installed and will be equipped with a battery storage system to ensure it remains operational even during nighttime when there is no sun and decline in wind speed . seci had initiated plans to implement storage capacity at solar power parks but could not implement those plans due to a variety of reasons . the fact that the world bank has agreed to fund the project means that the tariffs would likely be extremely competitive , even with the existing thermal power plants in the country . the world bank had offered debt funding for a 750 megawatt solar power park in the state of madhya pradesh earlier this year . the auction for that solar park broke the record for the lowest solar power tariff in the country at that time . andhra pradesh has faced problems of grid failure and power fluctuations and hence it is looking at means of incorporating energy storage to alleviate grid power management problems coming from intermittent renewable energy projects . this project is being promoted on a pilot scale project and the idea is to create a model where grid failures can be totally avoided . similar types of hybrid projects have been tried and tested in jamaica and china , however , this project will be largest , when commissioned . the andhra pradesh government has committed to 10 gw of solar by 2022 and 8 gw of wind . of this , there are plans for 3gw of hybrid wind and solar plants .
6 years old video in manipur state in india
i need tech bro
came today ?
papam pulka gadni anti chesaru kadhayya
shutdown ki uscis ki no sambandam . . also no affect on interviews . . lca okkatey affected . . . rahul reddy gada enti nee attorney try chennai
did you get a slot . if not , try to check every morning at 6 ist and evening at 5 ist . usually slots open at that time . atb .
ceo of state
logics like first diagrid building in india aa
hehe
indeed
evaranna cheppandi veediki nakka kuda ilaaney self goal vesukunnadu aa time lo ani
i welcome this . thankyou cbn n ap govt
chanti garu ani sadvina i mean chalaki chanti from jabardasth
navyandhra army sabhyulu antha mana vijayaniki prayathnichali . . . krushi cheyyali . nenu ee poll gelisthe adhi nandamuri suhasini gariki ankithamistha . .
i’m the only pulka accepted by langas , jaffas & baffas also . . nadhe vijayam na gelupu democratic compulsion
ke naa vote all ysr fans vote for him i am going to campaign for and we all know navyaandhra is fake pulka
mundu meesam moliste appudu avvacchu edaina
denni g ni oka sari anna 10gali
selfgoal
antey antey baa peru septey discount bhee istaru
mari 3 days aa
grieving family is urging you to take an important home safety step sixteen-month-old bronwyn taylor had only been left alone for a few moments . sadly , that was all the time it took for tragedy to strike . within seconds , bronwyn tangled herself in the cord from the her grandparents' window blinds , and it wrapped around her neck . by the time her grandmother found her , she was unconscious . paramedics were called and bronwyn , who was in cardiac arrest by that time , was rushed to the nearby hospital , but it was too late - she did not survive . her parents matthew and cathy taylor , telling their tragic tale to spread awareness about the dangers of basic household objects . "we also advise shades with accessible cords be replaced by cordless window coverings . "
adi god fans antey atlundali . . . . punyam tho patu 3 marriages cheysukodaniki korika kooda labhinchu gaaka amen
badexample .
help
orey rgv ga , comedy cheyyalante kammolla meedha cheyy . sc/st meedha avasarama ? aalochinchuko . nee ishtam .
ekkuva benifit ayyedhi vaarey kadha illanti schemes ki , poor sc st people dont even send there children beyond primary school
waste business idokati masters cheyalankunnodu . . evadki vadu apply cheskodam easy
adi pata liked the song n felt like sharing
y u bayapetting man with these videos :3d_smiles_216:
den 2015 when ?
present sir