yaamini baby
aa article wrong . industry hyderabad ki ravalani pattu pattindhi anna gare
already paddayee

papam enti man . . chanipoyina dhevudni ala antunnaru . . . kallu pothayi
kathanakudu lo adhi enduku vastadi cbn part 2 maha nayakudu lo untadu gaani . .
buy this plan in insubuy . com . . . it covers nicely and you mostly pay the deductible if they get admitted in emergency . . . . it worked perfectly for me . . atlas america comprehensive plans
so now my first stamping is done in ind and when i change employer after coming to us , i can get it stamped in mexico right ?
ntr ni vala caste ppl thappa evadu dekadu . . . . so poyedi yemi undadhu
lovely story , fafa peremo amulya ani reveal chesaav , mari nee peru khan dada ani cheppaava ? or asalu peru cheppaava ?
1 peice ardham ayithe slipper tho beat ya . . .
i took 2 days off i was thinking to spend some time in wisconsin skiing baa address verify chestaru kada so .
without rfe aithe deny direct ga nen vinledhu case
mint t-mobile network meedhaga nadichedhi
dont you think this is a strategy to create caste hatredness and divide the votes to advantage jansena . why he is silent all these days and now all of sudden pulling balla leg . .
deal over ?
samajam etu potundo emo . .
this one is epic . . .
yah . . . idhi already chusa . . mana gadu cover chesadu . . . meher ramesh gadu ippudu abn lo workng aa ? ?
mla ticket kuda evvadu ivvadu anukunta inga
yes bro same here
jagarlamudi manavallena ?
out of faang only nflx is safe heaven now . . . . apple amzn affected by trump and tariffs , google and fb are affected by privacy issues only nflx is in better shape . . . if they report good this quarter it will see fireworks . . .
veedu antahag chestahdu antaga baga hopes pettukunavu anatha ledhu film akada . . .
on paper , tournament wise , yes i agree with him . . . . but not on a broader spectrum . . . . yes , because away test series victory against australia , wi or south africa are definitely going to be greater than a knockout tournament like wc . no , because this australia team is very weak without their key players . . however a win is a win and good job team , especially the bowlers and pujara , kohli and that new opener . . . . rahul and that other opener can fcuk off
bc la nu anagatokkutunaru ani babu garu brief chestaru
thata company and border wall ku emi anna realtion unda quid co-pro lantidi thata friends will get contract and thata gets commissions on them just asking
nice . . . festival manaki one week mundhe cuming brother
ma parents tho , ekva matladadu . . . ma parents emo full love shower's . . . close to 6-7 lakh jewelery bought to my wifey for chinna chinna events all around 2018 . . ee chinna chinna issues longing last . . . us lo untey ney inni untunnai . . . repu india lo untey ento paristiti . . . ento jeevitham . . . thu na bathuku
me only kid to my parents kabatti they have everything on me . . all hopes/expectations . . . so can't avoid from that side . . . itu side touch chesthey band ayipothundi . . . . just had a kid . . . so newborn should hopefully teach some patience to her mommy
kachitanga avvadu . . . have to goback at any cost . . . im only child . . so cannot stay for sure
antha minimalistic life ni njy chese company kuda dorakali
awesome
idi vartah shuyantam pravachaku viswanath sharma . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
yes . . . . it’s official langa+ jaffa channel megha group krishna reddy . . myhome rao are new owners
thuuu . . . leki edhava cheap tricks
sunny leone clips view count inka billions lo untadhi
poyi vocchina baa . . . morning shiva vishnu temple ki
evadu cm aithe emundhi le kani . . nenu adigindhi pk sudden ga cotton seed ayyadenti cbn ki ani
hehehe
“how weird can i look to shamelessly promote myself ? ”
tommorow morning nunci twitter and other places lo manchi memes vasthai , just wait
snow family inspiration emo

neeku enduku kaka gisontii post lu poi mana kejriwal gurinchii veyyi delhi lo em velagapettadoooooo

winter is here and so is the season of snow and ice . with several parts of the northern hemisphere witnessing heavy snowfall , china is hosting the world's largest ice and snow festival . the harbin ice festival that started in 1980s opens from january 5 to february 5 every year . source: twitter when the entrance is such , imagine how the world inside would look like . source: twitter welcome to the world of snow and ice . source: twitter are we looking at snow-lit buildings ? source: twitter source: twitter so colourful , yet snowy . source: twitter if only all of them could come to life , in the city of snowmen . source: twitter castles we have never dreamt of . source: twitter source: twitter the art of sculpture got an all new meaning now . source: twitter snow is the new brick and mortar in this city . source: twitter source: twitter source: twitter source: twitter dashing through the snow . source: twitter
entra yes/no , telsithe post eyyu kaka .
elections ayya hum tum sath sath
anni biopic lo lead actors set avutunaru kani ntr biopic lo ne lead actor mayawati laga set avutunadu
aunty oppukovali kani . . . direct aunty be heroine ga petti teeyachu
no blocks , just checking with experts bra
podunne bariga tini mike isthe roju motham idhe pani ani pakka thread lo briefing
why ?

bullodu come here n post few situational songs for ismail bhaii
pm the profile number
champesthara aa ammai ni land ayyaka ? hope not
oka janasainik says “orey nakka ga you are like a broker not a manager . yiu sleep with who ever he want for the sake of power” ela undi bro response ? were you expecting the same lok at my dp and chill bro
sare vaadiki logic ledu . . . . . neeku unda mari ? you also always follow one jenda and agenda logic ye kada .
mehadipatnam prince n city diamond ( after mid night )
meridian
akkada kuda vindia nunche posting
antha takkuva ledu naku telisi rates in that area . residential plot price vary based on size , location and facing of the plot current selling price commercial-35000/sq yard residential - 32000/sq yard
just now , sreeven said: teliyadu . . teliste rate ekkuvaina velli ravali . . lpve da lo manavallaki shopping kanna better
22045 times cum in 16 hours
loki polavaram a ? anna doubt ochindh bro first look lo . . tharvatha part lu part lu ga chadhuvitje artham aindhj go leader go
maa rock anna osthunda ledha ? ravali rock kavali rock
a woman in a vegetative state for more than a decade just gave birth and now police are investigating men working at the hacienda skilled nursing facility in phoenix are reportedly no longer allowed in the rooms of female patients alone . phoenix police have opened an investigation into allegations that a woman in a vegetative state for more than a decade was sexually assaulted at a private nursing care facility — and recently gave birth to a baby boy . police spokesperson sgt . tommy thompson confirmed to buzzfeed news on friday that detectives were looking into the hacienda skilled nursing facility but declined to provide further specific information , citing the ongoing investigation . local news outlets reported that the woman patient — who has not been identified — has been in a vegetative state for 14 years after a near-drowning incident . she reportedly gave birth to a baby boy on dec . 29 . the story was first reported thursday by az family , a phoenix cbs affiliate , after it was approached by a woman “familiar with the situation” who wished to remain anonymous . the whistleblower , whose face was hidden and voice disguised for the televised segment , told reporter briana whitney she felt “anger and sadness” when she learned what had happened to the patient .
nede mukhyamanthri chethula meedhuga rambhothsavam
samsung smart tvs will soon add airplay 2 , itunes movies and tv shows app
sanjala kompa lo doors close chesi ap ni anyayam gaa divide chesina party tho siggu sharam lekunda alliance pettukundi evaro , gorrelu evaro everyone knows
elections ayipoyina tarvata cbn meeda edavadaniki ade karanam , bhayam pattukundi appude lafangi gaadiki . .
kalisada ? ?
ltt
netflix la ledu
nee dp lol
certificate window ragane export ani option untundi , save that certificate to a file . workgroup machine is for office laptops that have a domain . . . run from elevated ante run command prompt as administrator ani
adige questions ki answers ivvakunda ilanti dlm lo expert kada babu garu and tana tandana batch
bumchik break aa baa ?
ya good suggestion . . .
nov 29 deeksha diwas – historic day in telangana statehood struggle
vedu stage meda emo kani bayata chala manchodu
ante ardam enti illu kontaiki deeniki , current owners a list lo vunde chances a ?
nevvem nammuthav kaka . . . . yellow media na
lol court ni kaakunda nuvu cheppedi nammala !
bill lo unna vatiki dikku ledu . . . . modda lo make in india anta . . . lol . . you guys are #muttonbiryanis for a reason
make in india focuses on the following 25 sectors of the economy: automobiles[edit] see also: automotive industry in india and [[:electric power industry in india]] general motors announced an investment of us$1 billion to manufacture automobiles in maharashtra . [26] in april 2017 , kia announced that the company would invest over $1 . 1 billion to build a car manufacturing plant in anantapur , andhra pradesh . the facility is the company's first manufacturing plant in india . kia stated that it would hire 3 , 000 employees for the plant , and it would produce 300 , 000 cars annually . construction of the plant began in mid-2017 , and is expected to be completed by march 2019 . the first vehicles are scheduled to roll off production lines in mid-2019 . kia president han-woo park announced that the first model produced at the plant would be an suv ( sport utility vehicle ) specifically designed for the indian market . [27][28] park also added that kia would invest over $2 billion and create 10 , 000 jobs in india by 2021 . [29][30] in march 2016 , b . k modi group announced that it is going to set up an electric bus manufacturing plant near moradabad , uttar pradesh . the investment is through a technological tie-up with byd . in july 2017 , saic motor announced that it is going to invest ₹2 , 000 crore ( $300 million ) to build a car manufacturing plant in halol , gujarat . [31] in mid-2017 , european automobile major psa announced that in a partnership with ck birla group , it is going to build a car manufacturing plant in tamil nadu at the cost of ₹7 , 000 crore ( $1 . 03 billion ) [32] automobile components[edit] see also: automotive component manufacturers association of india hitachi announced an auto-component plant in chennai by 2016 with an increase in their india employees count from 10 , 000 to 13 , 000 . [33] aviation[edit] see also: aviation in india , udan-rcs , and list of airports in india french drone manufacturer lh aviation announced a manufacturing plant in india to produce drones . [34] during magnetic maharashtra: convergence 2018 , thurst aircraft pvt ltd signed a mou with govt . of maharashtra to build an aeroplane manufacturing plant near palghar district ( roughly 140 km north of mumbai ) with an investment of ₹35 , 000 crore ( $5 . 2 billion ) . [35] biotechnology[edit] see also: biotechnology in india chemicals[edit] see also: indian chemical society and indian institute of chemical technology construction[edit] see also: construction industry of india in january 2016 , chinese conglomerate dalian wanda group announced that it would construct an industrial , residential and tourism city in haryana at the cost of ₹68 , 000 crore ( $10 billion ) . [36] however the project was deadlocked as on 28 april 2017 because the company management was resisting a demand by the haryana state government for a 26% equity share . [37] defence manufacturing[edit] see also: defence industry of india , india and weapons of mass destruction , guided missiles of india , and defence research and development organisation india and russia have deepened their make in india defence manufacturing cooperation by signing agreements for the construction of naval frigates , ka-226t twin-engine utility helicopters ( joint venture ( jv ) to make 60 in russia and 140 in india ) , brahmos cruise missile ( jv with 50 . 5% india and 49 . 5% russia ) . [38] a defence deal was signed during prime minister narendra modi's visit to russia in december 2015 which will see the kamov ka-226 multi-role helicopter being built in india , was widely seen as the first defence deal to be actually signed under the make in india campaign . [39][40] in august 2015 , hindustan aeronautics limited ( hal ) began talks with russia's irkut corp to transfer technology of 332 components of the sukhoi su-30mki fighter aircraft under the make in india program . these components , also called line replacement units ( lrus ) refer to both critical and non-critical components and fall into four major heads such as radio and radar; electrical & electronics system; mechanical system and instrument system . [41] lockheed martin announced in february 2016 its plans to manufacture f-16 in india , although it did not announce any time frame . [42] in february 2017 , lockheed stated that it intended to manufacture the f-16 block-70 aircraft with a local partner in india , if the indian air force agreed to purchase the aircraft . [43] boeing announced setting up a factory to assemble fighter planes , either the apache or chinook defence helicopter in india , [44] as well as the manufacture of f/a-18 super hornet . [45] prime minister narendra modilaunches make in india . in may 2018 , the indian army announced a ₹50 , 000 crore ( us$7 . 0 billion ) ammunition production project to be implemented in phases over a 10-year period . under the project , 11 private firms will manufacture and supply ammunition for the army's tanks , rockets , air defence system , artillery guns , infantry combat vehicles , grenade launchers and other field weapons . the army noted that the objectives of the program were to cut dependence on foreign imports and to establish an inventory of ammunition that would sufficient to fight a 30-day war . [46] defence exports[edit] india confirmed that it will upgrade myanmar's t-72 tanks , supply drdo's radars to armenia , kamov 226 t multi-utility helicopters to jordan , indigenously developed lightweight torpedoes to myanmar ( previously sold to sri lanka and vietnam ) , astra 70-kilometer range air- to-air missile and 40 , 000 pieces of a component used in bofors artillery guns for ₹322 crore to uae , and manufacture drdo weapons in saudi arabia by 2018 ( dec 2017 update ) . [47][48] electronic systems[edit] see also: electronics and semiconductor manufacturing industry in india with the demand for electronic hardware expected to rise rapidly to us$400 billion by 2020 , india has the potential to become an electronic manufacturing hub and government is targeting to achieve net zero imports of electronics by 2020 . [49] after the launch of this project , 24 . 8% of smartphones sold in india in the april–june quarter of 2015 were made in india , up from 19 . 9% the previous quarter . [50][51][52] various companies pledged investment in india to begin manufacturing foxconn: us$5 billion investment over 5 years in research and development and hi-tech semiconductor manufacturing facility in maharashtra . [53][54] huawei: new research and development ( r&d ) campus in bengaluru with an investment of us$170 million[55][56] and telecom hardware manufacturing plant in chennai . [57] lenovo: manufacturing of motorola at sriperumbudur near chennai run by flextronics . [58][59] micromax: 3 new manufacturing units in rajasthan , telangana and andhra pradesh with ₹3 billion ( us$42 million ) investment ) . [60][61] qualcomm: "design in india" programme to mentor ten indian hardware companies with the potential to come up with innovative solutions and help them reach global scale . [62] samsung: 10 "msme-samsung technical schools"[63] and manufacturing of samsung z1 in its plant in noida ) . [64] spice group: ₹5 billion ( us$70 million ) mobile phone manufacturing unit in uttar pradesh . [65] vivo mobile india began manufacturing smartphones at a plant in greater noida with 2 , 200 employs . [66] wistron: taiwanese company to start manufacturing of blackberry , htc and motorola devices at a new factory in noida . [67] xiaomi: smartphones to be manufactured at a foxconn-run facility in sri city made operational by producing xiaomi redmi 2 prime . [68][69][70] hmd global: finnish company announced in early 2018 that it will start manufacturing all the parts of nokia phones in foxconn run facility in chennai . [71] electrical machinery[edit] see also: indian electrical and electronics manufacturers association food processing[edit] see also: indian cuisine , list of largest producing countries of agricultural commodities , list of world production , and indian institute of food processing technology india is among the largest producers of fruits , vegetables , rice and milk globally with trade surplus in food items export . [72] aarisa pitha of odisha , gushtaba of kashmir , chicken curry of punjab , khakhra and khandvi of gujarat , bamboo steam fish , vada and medhu vada of karnataka , khaja and inarsa of bihar , kebab of uttar pradesh and puran poliof maharashtra have been selected as traditional regional food to be promoted in the ongoing campaign . [73] marine products export development authority announced the deal to supply shrimp eggs to farmer in india for eventual exports of shrimp from india to other countries . [74] in odisha investor summit , poseidon aquatech announced plans to undertake shrimp farming and processing in the state at the cost of ₹100 crore ( $14 . 7 million ) . [75] noodles manufacturer indo nissin foods ltd also announced that it intended to invest additional ₹50 crore ( $7 . 3 million ) to expand the existing facility in odisha by 2017 . [75] exports[edit] in december 2017 , india announced it will shortly announce a new agricultural exports policy to promote indian and organic foods , enhance compliance of phytosanitary international food-safety requirements , development of farm-to-port and farm-to-airport cold chain with focus on 25 farm export clusters . [72] information technology and business process management[edit] see also: information technology in india , digital india , and bharatnet leather[edit] see also: calcutta leather complex , central leather research institute , and e . i . leather media and entertainment[edit] see also: media of india , entertainment industry in india , and bollywood mining[edit] see also: mining in india , list of mines in india , iron and steel industry in india , coal mining in india , and natural resources of india during odisha investor summit , nlc india signed a mou with govt . of odisha to set up a coal mining processing plant at the cost of ₹7 , 500 crore ( $1 . 1 billion ) . [75] oil and gas[edit] see also: oil and gas industry in india , list of oil refineries in india , bharat petroleum , ioc , ongc , and oil india in april 2018 , saudi arabian oil giant aramco signed an initial deal with a consortium of indian refiners to build a $44 billion refinery and petrochemical project on india's west coast . the project will include a 1 . 2 million-barrels-per-day ( bpd ) refinery , integrated with petrochemical facilities with a total capacity of 18 million tonnes per year . pharmaceuticals[edit] see also: pharmaceutical industry in india and indian drugs and pharmaceuticals in april 2018 , during pm modi's visit to sweden , biopharmaceutical firm astrazeneca said it will invest around ₹ 590 crore ( $90 million ) in india over the next five years . [76] ports and shipping[edit] see also: sagarmala , ports in india , and ports in indian ocean railways[edit] see also: dedicated freight corridors , indian railway , and dedicated freight corridor corporation of india alstom/ge transportation: the french and american rolling stock manufacturers announced ₹400 billion ( us$5 . 6 billion ) locomotive manufacturing factories in madhepura and marhaura in bihar . [77] hyperloop one: the american company working to commercialise hyperloop , signed a framework agreement with govt . of maharashtra to begin the development of the route from mumbai to pune , starting with an operational demonstration track . [78] train 18 began operating tests in october 2018 . it is a semi-high speed train , 80% domestically sourced . [79] rapid transit[edit] crrc: the chinese giant announced in 2016 that it is going to set up a railway equipment plant in bavo , haryana in dmic with an investment of $63 . 5 million . renewable energy[edit] see also: renewable energy in india in february 2018 , during uttar pradesh investors summit . avaada power and renew power announced solar projects worth ₹ 10 , 000 crore ( $1 . 4 billion ) and ₹8 , 000 crore ( $1 . 1billion ) each . [80] during magnetic maharashtra: convergence 2018 , renew power signed a mou with govt . of maharashtra and announced a solar projects worth $2 . 17 billion . [81] in august 2016 , nlc india announced that it is going to set up a 500mw solar power plant in odisha at the cost of ₹3 , 000 crore ( $441 million ) [75] roads and highways[edit] see also: bharatmala , indian road network , and national highway space and astronomy[edit] see also: indian space research organisation and isro thermal power[edit] see also: electricity sector in india and list of power stations in india in may 2017 , the union cabinet approved the construction of 10 indigenously-built pressurised heavy water reactors ( phwrs ) . the contracts for the reactors worth an estimated ₹70 , 000 crore ( us$9 . 7 billion ) will be awarded to indian companies . the construction 10 reactors with a combined nuclear capacity of 7 gw is also expected to create 33 , 400 direct and indirect jobs . [82] during odisha investor summit , nlc india signed a mou with govt . of odisha to set up a 2 , 000mw thermal power plant at the cost of ₹15 , 000 crore ( $2 . 2 billion ) [75] textiles and garments[edit] see also: textile industry in india tourism and hospitality[edit] see also: tourism in india wellness and healthcare[edit] see also: medical tourism in india , wellness tourism , ayurveda , ayush , and healthcare in india international healthcare firm columbia asia announced in june 2017 , that it will invest over ₹400 crore ( $60 million ) to set up two new hospitals in india by the end of 2019 as it looks to expand presence in the country . [83] in assam investor summit , indo-uk institute of health announced that it will setup a medical city in guwahati at cost of ₹1600 crore ( $231 million ) . [84] during happening haryana summit , patanjali group announced that it would set up a healthcare university and a healthcare centre with an investment of ₹5 , 000 crore ( $735 million ) . [85] in april 2015 , patanjali ayurved announced that it is going to open 10000 yoga gym in haryana to promote wellness , develop positive thinking among youths and immunise them from day-to-day ailments . [86]
ipudu day1 cpt lo unna . . h1 rfe lo undi . . after feb 5th deny aite three years ban ? what are my options now ?
తన ఏజ్ గ్రూప్ వాళ్లందరూ పదో తరగతి పరీక్షలకు సీరియస్‌గా ప్రిపేరవుతుంటే . . ఆ అమ్మాయి మాత్రం తన ఇంజనీరింగ్ ఫైనల్ ఇయర్ ప్రాజెక్టులో తలమునకలై ఉంది . అవును . . కాశీభట్ట సంహిత ఇప్పుడు తెలంగాణలో యంగెస్ట్ ఇంజనీర్ . 16 ఏళ్లకే ఇంజనీరింగ్ పట్టా అందుకొని సరికొత్త రికార్డు సృష్టించింది . అందరినీ నివ్వెరపరిచింది . సీబీఐటీ నుంచి ఎలక్ట్రికల్స్ అండ్ ఎలక్ట్రానిక్స్ విభాగంలో ఇంజనీరింగ్ పూర్తి చేసిన సంహిత ప్రస్తుతం ఎంటెక్ చేయడంపై ఫోకస్ చేసింది . క్యాంపస్ ఇంటర్వ్యూల్లో ఓ కంపెనీలో ఉద్యోగానికి ఎంపికైనా . . ఉన్నత చదువులకే ఓటేసింది . 16 ఏళ్ల వయసుకే ఇంజనీరింగ్ పూర్తి చేయడమా అని అందరూ నోరెళ్లబెట్టవచ్చు . కానీ , సంహిత తల్లిదండ్రులకు మాత్రం ఈ విషయం పెద్దగా ఆశ్చర్యం కలిగించలేదు . ఎందుకంటే తాను మూడేళ్ల వయసు నుంచే వారిని సర్‌ప్రైజ్ చేసింది మరి . అద్భుతమైన తెలివితేటలు , జ్ఞాపకశక్తితో సంహిత తన చిన్ననాటి నుంచే సామర్థ్యానికి మించిన పని చేసింది . మూడేళ్ల వయసులోనే సంహిత . . ప్రపంచ దేశాలు , వాటి రాజధానుల పేర్లను తడుముకోకుండా చెప్పేది . ఆ వయసులోనే నాలుగో తరగతి పూర్తి చేసింది . పదేళ్లకే పదో తరగతి పాసై అందర్నీ ఆశ్చర్యంలో ముంచెత్తింది . టెన్త్‌లో ఈ అమ్మాయి 8 . 8 జీపీఏ సాధించింది . 2014లో నలంద జూనియర్ కాలేజీ నుంచి 89 శాతం మార్కులతో ఇంటర్ పూర్తి చేసిన సంహిత అందరి మన్ననలు అందుకుంది . అయితే , ఇక్కడే ఆమెకు ఓ చిక్కొచ్చిపడింది . అక్కడే ఓ చిక్కు . . ప్రభుత్వ అండతో కల సాకారం ఇంటర్ పరీక్షలు పూర్తి చేసిన సంహిత . . ఎంసెట్ పరీక్ష రాయడానికి సిద్ధమైంది . కానీ , అర్హత వయసు తక్కువగా ఉండటంతో ఆమెకు ఇబ్బంది ఎదురైంది . దీంతో ఆమె తల్లిదండ్రులు తెలంగాణ ప్రభుత్వాన్ని ఆశ్రయించారు . సంహిత తెలివితేటలు గుర్తించిన ప్రభుత్వం ఆమెకు ఎంసెట్ రాయడానికి వెంటనే అనుమతి ఇచ్చింది . 2014లో ఎంసెట్‌లో మెరుగైన ర్యాంకు సాధించిన సంహిత . . సీబీఐటీ ( చైతన్య భారతి ఇన్‌స్టిట్యూట్ ఆఫ్ టెక్నాలజీ ) లో ఇంజనీరింగ్ కోర్సులో చేరింది . ఇంజనీరింగ్‌లోనూ అద్భుత ప్రతిభ కనబరిచిన సంహిత . . మంచి మార్కులతో కోర్సు పూర్తి చేసింది . క్యాంపస్ ప్లేస్‌మెంట్స్‌లో ఉద్యోగం సంపాదించింది . తాను చూసిన విద్యార్థుల్లో సంహిత మెరుగైన స్టూడెంట్ అని , ఈఈ విభాగంలోని ఉత్తమ విద్యార్థుల్లో ఆ
enchakka teenage enjoy cheskoka . . em peekudam ani engg complete chesi 16 years lo ?
evaru ? . nee anubavam chepu baa
thats exactly why they want to go out . they don’t want our desi kampu to dominate here . inka ranu ranu senate and house lo kuda mana desi kampu ekkuva avuthundhi .
inkaa adbhutaalu choostaaru . . . elections time kadaaa . . . . .
thulasi das great appatlone guess chesadu . . .
inka endaro . . .
use some vpn temporarily . . . i did the same . . .
kikiki areyyy paidigaa naayaldhi balayya ante onti kaal meeda legusthaav gaa
waste
bhayya nuvvu bjp ni support chesthe chesuko i dont care , prof . ki unna following ayaniki undi you dont need to worry about him akkada facism aa undi matha garshanalu recha kottadam , matha ni and kula ni addu peddukoni pathukopovadam kerala lo jarigindi kuda rajakeeyam ee , devudi ki sambandinchindi kadu anduke anna bjp unikini kapadukovadam ante rati yugame correct
avunu , desam lo only commies are pedda pathivrathalu

38dd
"will have to tell cbi about up seat sharing": akhilesh yadav amid raids the reports that akhilesh yadav's role will be probed in the sand mining scam emerged after sp and bsp indicated their intent to join hands to counter the bjp in the lok sabha polls all india | edited by nidhi sethi | updated: january 06 , 2019 19:34 ist akhilesh yadav held the mining portfolio in the state between 2012 and 2013 . lucknow: highlights former up chief minister akhilesh yadav may be probed in sand mining scam he'll cooperate , but these raids are politically driven , mr yadav alleged the bjp said that it's a standard procedure and cbi is doing its job as uttar pradesh's political rivals-turned-friends samajwadi party ( sp ) and bahujan samaj party ( bsp ) appear to be in the final stages of sewing an alliance ahead of the national elections due in a few months , sp chief akhilesh yadav is likely to have some unwanted visitors . the central bureau of investigation ( cbi ) , which is probing the illegal sand mining that took place between 2012 and 2016 in uttar pradesh , may examine akhilesh yadav's role as he was the chief minister during this period and held the mining department for a year , agency sources said . "it's an old case , but i am ready to face the investigation , " the former up chief minister told reporters in lucknow . the ruling bjp is leaving behind the culture ( of misusing the central investigative agencies ) and it should be ready to face the same in the future , warned mr yadav . "we are making efforts to win maximum lok sabha seats . those who want to stop us , have the cbi with them . if the cbi wants to question me , i will answer ( them ) . but the bjp must know that people are ready to give an answer to them , " the sp chief said . the reports that akhilesh yadav's role will be probed in the scam emerged after sp and bsp indicated their intent to join hands to counter the bjp in the lok sabha polls . mr yadav quipped that it was the congress that had earlier sent the cbi and now the bjp , and he is ready to cooperate . "now we have to tell the cbi as to how many seats we have distributed in the gathbandhan . i am happy that at least the bjp has shown its colours . earlier , the congress gave us the chance to meet the cbi , and this time it is the bjp , which has given us this opportunity . " opposition parties have come out in support of the samajwadi party leader and claimed that the cbi investigation is in line with the alleged trend of using the central agencies against political opponents . the congress , which reports suggest has been left out of the alliance in up by the sp-bsp , said the raids shouldn't come as a surprise . senior congress leader kapil sibal said , "now that the reports of sp-bsp alliance have come , raids have started against akhilesh yadav . this was expected , whoever speaks against them ( bjp ) is raided , that's how this government is running . " the bjp , however , said that it's the standard procedure and the investigation agency is just doing its job . the cbi had conducted searches at 14 locations in up and delhi on saturday in connection with its first information report or fir against 11 people . 27 comments mr yadav , who was the chief minister between 2012 and 2017 , held the mining portfolio between 2012 and 2013 . he was succeeded by gayatri prajapati , who was arrested in 2017 following a complaint of rape by a woman residing in chitrakoot .
lol asalu yemi install cheyalemu brother , cant even able to send emails in the offie laptop to outside .
adi clarity ledu , any other best way or device ? asalu oka computer ni inko computer ki projector ga yela vadali ? so that i can share that screen
yup that’s true . ending nachala .
sunny leone is virgin annattu undi
baya paddaddu
ne yavva
ucha posadu
daaniki pk unnadu ga malli ee langa gaadu wnduku
separate rayalasema antaadu yemo
banisa🐕 already oka baka gadu frustration frustration anukunta thread meeda thread sethu enjoy chesthunna ani rod fettinchukuntunnadu

it is similar to it shd be ok suprisingly all pulkas hate pk but cbn licks his shoes lol pulkas
first 1 or 2 political meetings ayinaa . . . tarvatha hotel lo risk anukune secret couples ki use avthadi
almost anni forums lo ilanti thread okati untundi . so meeru recent ga chusina movie rating veyandi dbians . movie name - ( mention language if is not telugu , hindi , english ) rating - one line review - online source or link - keep this thread updated
kaunhey rey thu 8 minutes ago , hector08 said: anni kastam yedo project work ichinattu isthunnav . . list istha imdb lo antha yethukko
black panther houra bridge parmanu vadachennai a quiet place keep the flow flowing
antha time undi antava
follow avvanu kani konni videos chustha
tableau ki lekapovadam enti
ask them to give permission to allow masjid also
just because they have diversity doesn’t mean that they are competent . most of the time minorities are clueless about politics , law and public policy .
walmart and costco gas is chillar third grade quality brah . it only phucks up your engine . shell , chevron try chey
valla bank statements , fd's babu . em chupinchakunda visas istara ? if they sponsor themselves proof of finances chupinchali . they dont need yours if you are not sponsoring but will be strong case and help to get visa if you show yours as well especially blood relative kadu family friend kabatti .
nen adinaadi naa statements gurinchi akkayo ee list pamparu bank verification letter pay stubs . bank statements for past six months . visa extension approval notice ( i-797 ) letter addressed to consulate for visitor visa . invitation letter for visitor visa photo copies of passport pages affidavit of support form i-134 . pay stubs , passport copies , visa docs , invitation letter anni ok . . migithavi not required ( 1 , 3 , 8 ) if they can sponsor the trip ani naayokka idi
thanks ! ! i will ask my test center about that and see how it works .
process enti ? friend ki federal project vachindi . 6 weeks paina ayyindi hire chesukoni fingerprints cheyinchaledhu drug test cheyinchaledhu , equip raaledhu . vendor gaadu idhigo vasthundi adigo vasthundi antunnaru . security check chesthunnaru antunnadu . fingerprints lekunda criminal check ento ardham kavatam ledhu naaku . recent ga federal project vachinavallu konchem process cheppandi please . credit check ki and some other papers fill ayithe chesaru starting lo
fridge em ledhu ani telisi kuda enni sarlu open chesthamo . . . . . . . . . db kampu ani telisi kuda anney sarlu open chestham . . . mana trivikram chepinattu amailatho thirgi fail avatam kanna mandhu cig and verey drugs ki banisa ayy chedipovatam kanna db lo thiruguthu time waste cheyatam manchidey thappu ledhu
actor prakash raj on tuesday announced that he will be contesting in the 2019 general elections . highlights prakash raj to contest as an independent candidate in lok sabha polls raj , known for his anti-bjp stance , made the announcement on twitter actor likely to contest from karnataka: sources ctor prakash raj announced on tuesday that he will be contesting in the 2019 general elections . he will be contesting in the upcoming lok sabha polls as an independent candidate . sources close to prakash raj said he's likely to contest from karnataka . "happy new year to everyone . . . a new beginning . . . more responsibility . . . with your support i will be contesting in the coming parliament elections as an independent candidate . details of the constituency soon . ab ki baar janatha ki sarkar , " the actor said on twitter . happy new year to everyone . . a new beginning . . more responsibility . . with ur support i will be contesting in the coming parliament elections as an independent candidate . details of the constituency soon . ab ki baar janatha ki sarkar #citizensvoice #justasking in parliament too . . prakash raj , who is known for his anti-bjp stance , is the third prominent actor after rajinikanth and kamal hasan to enter politics in recent years . he had earlier said that the kind of hindutva that is propagated by the bharatiya janata party ( bjp ) cannot work in india . "they ( bjp ) say i'm anti-hindu no . i am anti-modi , i am anti-hegde , i am anti-amit shah . and according to me , they're not hindus , " raj said on january 2018 . raj had earlier courted controversies for commenting on cow urine and cow dung . "you do not know about cows . you know about cow urine . if you want to wash your clothes , you need 1 kg cow dung and 2 litres of cow urine . you then need to mix all of this and wash your clothes . why because , except for cow urine , you do not know anything else . so , do not give us this story , " he said . raj's comments on cow dung and cow urine were not received well and an advocate in bengaluru filed a complaint saying that the actor 'insulted the religious beliefs of hindus , deliberately and intentionally , which hurt the emotions , feelings and sentiments' . he was also trolled on social media for participating in a series of posts with #justasking where he questioned the bjp-led central government over several issues in india . raj had earlier claimed that bollywood stopped offering him roles as he has been critical of the modi government at the centre .
this guy has good image in developing some villages by adopting them . . . good luck to him .
yes . . sinnababu sillyfellow
emaindi bro . . . gofundme lo chusa . .
i m using some hp's $20 one . . . deskjet or something like that . . . chinnadhi . hp vaadu ink free isthaadu ayipogane 15 pages free per month . . . . ink ayipogane free ga pamputhadu . . . . 15 pages dhatithe 10 cents emo charge chesthadu . . . nenu ekkuva print cheyanu so . . . . no laber only boozer
lol
evaraina chesara ?
okay !
anhtaa ok braaah
good to hear from you again brah .
.
ivi chuse pellalu dobbutunaru
ee video ni mee intlo and other db ankuls intlo youtube nundi block chesimingandi vaa
dabulu tesuko back annaru save cheyamanaru , where are you guys ? markets red blood vuntane vasthara , green lo vunte noru medaparendu kani . . . market is king . . . so invest in dips . . . markets getting into mega bull run antunaru nijamena
nijam - it’s not a lie
life set
kiki
🤣
offcourse us lo states websites antha thop em undavu . . . mainframes , cold fusion lo working raja
i agree as i became wealthy i saw difference in behavior from same people
full dabbulu unnai rich state mikenduku vayya ss
neelo nippu ni ragilinchadaaniki ani db vanty tolded . . . . . . . . . .
ippudu manam resume lo avasaram unnai lenivi mxxxxa anni pedatham keywords vendors ki dhorakalani idhi alantidhe anuko
famous places lo pedda pedda photographers manchi photos teesi #tags pettesi untaru . iyal repu lafoot iphone or android lo photos tessi # tag chesthe pedda use emundi . professional photos are usuful no .
mana dhegara kuda legal chese time dheggariki vasthandhe
ni adigithe ikkada winter kadha ala weekend australia theeska po antadhi ni adigithe leave plans to chanakya just go n do the thing ani chepthadu ni adigithe pelli kaaka okadedisthe pellami ki bd gift plan adigadanta neelantodokadu antadu y maaan ilantollani tag chesav
ee chali chaalani jeetham tho kastam bedharu
serious replies please
thx braah happy new year to u too
thammullu inka avi kevalam oppisition kutra . . avi namoonalu matrame anandi
🤣
3 crores udhyogalu . . . . self employed
pelosi and schumer antha galeez l and lk respectively ni ekkada soodaledu . . . . deeni soosthe ne kaalthadi
chevella/malkajgiri
నాది వొమెరికా కాదు కన్నడ
cold ki balls freeze avvatleda meeku
idhi correct . . second half yedho 1980 cnma laga undhi
first lo naaku peddaga nachevaddu kaadu , but bajirao mastani and padmavati mvs lo acting iragadesadu . great talented actor .
which movie ?
new delhi: andhra pradesh min of water resources devineni rao received cbip award 2019 for "best implementation of water resources project" for better planning&construction of polavaram multipurpose irrigation project from union minister rk singh at cbip day&award ceremony 2019 .
vokkadu kuda press meet petti chepparo ledo . . . leda cheppina channels deliberate ga ignore chesayemo ?
i really wish it would happen . . . the state of hyderabad .
bidar gulbarga raichur aurangabad nanded
rip
hare rama hate krishna
chory

papa vegan . chikkati milk tho koimbatur degree coffee thage nenu aa roju decoction thagalsi vocchindhi
bagundhi last rwist
enduku vayya spoilers cheptav . . . . chudani valla kosam edit chey comment
happy new year ra sai ga
doubt aa bhayya
ee dandla evaru bhayya , ohh bandla ganesh aa
yeo aa peddha dramalodi yesham eyyadaniki chala mandhe untaru manchi drama artists . . . . way better than this buffoon bala
usa flop . . . india hit
nothing cleaning home and has work to do anthe .
anthe anuko . . .
epudu yethestharu anta shutdown ?
ఈ నార్త్ బ్యాచ్చే ఇలాంటి పనికిమాలిన వీడియోలు తీసేది
employer name lekunda echhadu vaa eka rfe expect cheyochu anta ra
em matladuthunaru brother meeru . . . . ika mundennadu kooda ap prajalu toofan bhadithulu kaavadam istam leka samudram lo wall gattiga nirmincham brother . . . veedu inka discussion lathone vunnadu . . . we did it brother . .
k
[email protected]@yala bajjiu . . . . [email protected] pakodi . . . fruku pachadi .
hey idi nvu create chesaleda sushma
kani idhi toomuch . . . trinity enterprises ani edho undhi . janalaki konchem kuda doubt raledha ? govt officials bomma lekunda site ela undhi ani ayina . . .
please post more threads
meet the hyderabadi techie who travels 200kms every weekend just to do dairy farming ! may 15 , 2018 sarada sunil charan chelloju – b . tech ( 2015 ) complete chesi software job chesthune tanaki istamaina dairy farming chesthunadu . every friday night 200kms dooram lo unna sontha ooru peddapally ki bailderthadu , malli monday poddunaki hyderabad lo untadu . he does all this to take care of his dairy farm . 1 . passion being a b . tech graduate , he is always passionate about farming . he wants to introduce new techniques into dairy farming , so he selected azolla ( high protein fodder ) cultivation . what is azolla: azolla is a free floating water fern that floats in water and fixes nitrogen . azolla contains 25–35% protein on dry weight basis and rich in essential amino acids , minerals , vitamins and carotenoids including the antioxidant b carotene . benefits: 10-15% increase in milk production and fat . we can reduce 1kg of feed concentrate by giving 2kg of azolla . 2 . extensive research farm start chese mundhu chala research and ground work chesadu . 3 months patu chala dairy farms tirigi entho nerchukunadu . hyderabad loni tana inti pakkane oka dairy farm undatam tho roju poddune akkadki velli kasepu undi , akkada vallatho matladi appudu office ki vellevadu . 3 . commitment evari mida aadhara padakunda own ga modhalupettali ani personal loan tiskuni sontha ooru aina peddapally lo murrah buffalo’s tho dairy farm start chesadu . andharu risk endhuku , happy ga job cheskochu kadha ani nirutsaha parichina , enni problems edhuru ochina oka challenge ga tiskuni ippudu successful ayyadu . 4 . support weekdays hyderabad lo work chestadu , so aa 5 days akkada antha valla parents chuskuntaru . alage relatives , nearby dairy farmers and friends chala help chesaru ani cheptunadu . recently , dr . rajanna garu ( joint director for animal husbandry of peddapally district ) and mandal veterinary doctor kamlaker garu visited the dairy farm and gave a very good feedback for cultivating azolla . 5 . dedication even though he studied in telugu medium till 10 th , he is good at studies and secured a job through campus placement . job chestu farming cheyadam is nowhere an easy task . he is the first person in his district to cultivate azolla and he is also helping other farmers who are interested in this . they don’t add water , chemicals and any other powders . 100 % pure ( pattu paalu ) is already being served to many people .
i believe grass is always greener on the other side . . . okkasari dhigaaka there is a good chance you would want your ac filled room , good car and a nice apt/house back without the hassle of mosquitoes , buradha , insects and chemicals filled agriculture . . .
farmers are like naatu kodis longer lifespan with good health without any good facilities . . . it people are like poultry farm chickens . . . . you became a poultry chicken from naatu kodi now you cannot go back and be rough and tough again
it doesn't matter bro you are still a poultry chicken . . . . . naatu meaning telsa like your skin becomes rough and your body and bones will become tough due to the conditions like aakali , nidra , buradha , enda heat domalu chetha chedaaram ollu noppulu it can withstand anything . . . . jonna rottelu , ac rooms lo regular gym seste tough kaadu body
h4 ead tho ssn apply seste entha time padtadi san ravadaniki after we get ead card . . ?
okappudu enter avvagane student ga ssn ichevallu even dependents ki kuda ichevallu even without a job why would they revoke at all ?
cheap rates ani vinna lets see what others say
randu sarlu travel chesa . if your final destination is reykjavik then go for it . if you are connecting to any other country from reykjavik , keep in mind that there are no codeshare agreements for wow air . in case you miss your connection there is a very good chance that you are stranded in the airport for one day . this happened to me in 2016 . i had schengen back then so i was safe to enter the country . otherwise it's like any other budget airline . cramped seats , less than helpful ground staff , no food or water for free and no free baggage .
very good airlines
you can only take one personal item , like a backpack or weekender . everything else needs to be paid for . well this being winter i would say try for other airlines , winter is pretty harsh in iceland , i wouldn't be surprised if you flight gets delayed and/or canceled
kcr gattiga ichindu mari
gelukkoni kottimchukotam ante idhey . . . calm ga jai cbn jai loku ani vesukoka enti vayya e penta neeku avasarama lokesh lanti kalaa kandam pettukoni vere vallani ante backfire avudhi ani teliyadhaa . . . . cbn aged ayipoyaka . . tdp ki dhikku ledhu adhi telusaa
avuna . .
dheeni ban cheyandi ankul . attention seeking munja alias dkc
house speaker nancy pelosi and senator chuck schumer met with the president on the 14th day of the partial government shutdown to find a resolution . "we really cannot resolve this until we open up government , " pelosi said . president trump is expected to make remarks in the rose garden later today .
nuvvu emaina cheyyagalv . inthaki gujju aunty ela undi
news late gaa vesthunnav uncle . cbn briefed ninne deeni meeda . ap ki ee ranking choose bodi ki kullu started anta .
ekkuva rojulu untey . . . pm modi kanna cbn best ani other country's anukuntarani bayam . . . thupuk modi
okancasvdfksdvgdjvf sdfgas
reasons ee kinda thread lo cheepa .
thanks buddy . .
multiple video groups unnay kada . which group is good one in the order .
arei mi nanna wine shop owner annav khanna bujji amma jagartha ra kalthiga puttav naa kodaka
sentence modatlo vunna topic okati . . sentence endinglo topic inkokati . . totally unrelated . .
are you referring to my statement ? if yes , i can explain
aadu letter ivvadam pakkanettu . . clear ga cheppadu ga . . reorganization act lo 2 states ki tax incentives untayi ani . . lafangi ki buddhi ledhu . . penda medhadu . . chanikya ayina adagocchu kadha . . kalisi fight cheddham ani . . first nunchi kayyaniki kalu dhuvvi . . elections mundhu alliance ante evadikayina g lo kalthadhi .
hush
ntr kuda kropton graham nundi vasthada ee movie lo
rey g meedha tantha crypto annavantey
baa alage weight gain meeda kuda essay rayachu kdaaa
antha baane undhi . . daily salads ante liver problems vasthai antaru . . raw food ki
venakki thippu
ippudu thelvad appatlo chetinad buffet i liked it
konasema . . new and pretty good . .
listen to that black dude . . what he said was hilarious .
happy friday
free ga 10gina took money back later
gn
bokka le
rich state 20+ percent unna growth ki ivanni jujubi
goppodu vayya enta kanna $$ print cheste paye ante kada
9 minutes ago , sureshkonda said: calm life permanent kadu bro . mundu jagrathaga prepare aithe manchidi . 8 minutes ago , karthikn said: ebags lo deals unte post , will start laundry cycle then sardudu
pk choosukuntadu h1b issues tho patu
ఒక పెళ్ళైన మహిళను నీ మొగుణ్ణి వదిలేసి రా మనం పెళ్లిచేసుకుందాం అనే వాడు రాముడా రావణాసురుడా ? అంటే తెర మీద రాముడి పాత్ర కృష్ణుడి పాత్ర వేసినంత మాత్రాన దేవుడైపోతాడా ?
oka dharma sandeham 11 a 12 a ? count naku 11 ani telsu
5th class pilla cutout . .
brother . . vallu puttadam telugu nela cheskunna adhrushtam
motham entha mandhi unnaraaaa , pacha batch ikkada ?
la
4 minutes ago , panipoori said: remitly lo enta ankul lag anybody can help ? hahahaha
thu veedoka minister
ante emundi nenu manchivanni kabatti ninnu medialo bad chesi vadilesthunnanu tamilnadulo aithe lepesevallu antunnadu . kanee chandrababunaidanevadiki teleendi entante akkada evvaru evvarni rajakeeya hatyalu cheyyala ! natural deathsey thappa violence ledakkada . mareeyanagari threats ento pattana arthamai chavavu . esuntadu edo kodikathi lanti planu .
edi chadavagane balayya lo unna red blood cells ani oka order loki vachesthayi . . . . #bloodbreed
chesi vaallantha lamdi kodukule ani theermaanam chesi case close cheyyandi
bjp ki bj - ichina nakka
no . i think pilla scamgress + ycp will form govt
adee nene le kurru deenni ban chestaaru ani vaadatledu
that eenadu paper man
bro bangalore kannada slang lo saamaan means di*k . so aa peddha pi**ala ntvodu magavaalani kooda dhabid dhibid chesevaada ?
2019 lo matram kaboye sheeyam maa jagganna ani decided
అందుకేగా కేసీఆర్ కంటివెలుగు పథకం పెట్టాడు
idantha maaku telvadi bodi scs enduku istha annadu , ippudu enduku ivvadam ledu . . . we want scs asalu pk jaggu bodi ni enduku questioning cheyadam ledu ani future night nidra lo kooda kalavaristhunnadani fruit vuncle niladeesifying akkada . . . . .
chitti naidu and alex uncles naku telusu . . . scrooge also edo duck bomma pettukoni tirige vadu
endi lolli ?
any python developer experts to help on support ? ?
1 day 25 minutes ago , renault said: better than denial
next stage to 2 hour window . . . . 4 hour window kuda . . . . add chestharu . . .
evadu kanipettado kani kanipisthe g lo rod dimpali
drinks endi vayya gaddi kodadamu
evaranna vaduthuntey pros and cons konchem cheppandi . is it worth $150 ? tia .
24 minutes ago , panipoori said: maa ceepeete brathukulu meeku ardam kaavu le ani eppudu cheptuu vntaadu
i took 6 phones 5 ipads no isduecissues
cool dude
is he still alive ?
hmm
సింహం సైలెంట్ గా సున్నుండలు తింటుంటే . . పళ్ళుండలతో కొట్టారు . . . సింహం నిద్ర లేచింది . . ఇంకా మీకు తితిలి , పెతాయి ల గతే పడుతుంది . . పరారే . . . పరారే . . పప్పప్ప పరారే
mallu uncle . . arranged marriage anta . . . baaga thirigina porilaki pakka state poragalle correct
ఉస్మానియా మార్చరీలో రోజు రాత్రి ఒక శవం మాయమయ్యేది . అది గండిపేట చెరువు అవతల చెట్లల్లో ముగ్గులు నిమ్మకాయలు రక్తపుకూడు మధ్య దొరికేది . ఎన్ఠీఆర్ క్షుద్రపూజలు చేసేవాడని అప్పట్లో పేపర్లలో వచ్చేది .
భాస్కరరావు రామోజీలు లేకపోతె కులదైవం లేడు
yup ippude chusa my bad
ఆ బంధువర్గం ఓటు వేసినా గెలిచిపోతుంది టీడీపీ
ఆవిడలో అంతగా ఎం కనిపించిందో పెద్దాయనకి సెక్సపీలు
prema guddidi ante edenemooo
watched long back . .
ante em autadi
shopping cheyocha mari
bikini esi beach lo tirugutundi anukunte . . pilla p poyi pillala resorts lo tirugutondi . .
anna ilantivi post cheyocha ?
i am from tampa anna
thanks for the info
hi anna seattle ela undi weather ? inka infy lone 10gichukuntunnava anna ?
psycopk = nanibabu psycopk pet name nani in his house , we call cousins call him as nani mod23 is from india who works for 20k inr per month cash do you need more info like phone number address also ? then pm me anna
kottada yenduku ? any shoot lifting ?
left gaallatho potthu pettukoni malli 175 seats lo poti antunnaadu , ante left naa kodukulaku 0 seats ye naa ? deenni pothu ani antaara
unna politics chalavu annatlu veedokadu . . aaku lo aratipandu 🍌 laga
sontha gootiki
tdp and media - match made in heaven myra media is tdp pro
88 seat lu gelichaka kuda vadi craze gurunchi ila matladutunvante ne brain ekada undo teliyatle samara
picha lite vadu 119 seats gelichina ap lo one seat kooda can't win
+1 icecreams thinte kuda potayi
free em kadu will pay
suddaniki adiga
aryaaaaaa
no need poll also it's tdp please put poll on pilla pushpams there will be competition for sure
surely will go . . .
learned engilipisuuu pastuuu
but apple news will overshadow everything , literally because now everyone shifted focus on iphone growth
panic sell market sentiment big players manipulating
y man
repu bloodbath expecting
kolhapur lo prabhuvu biddalu ni champaru anta cow worshipping gang .
general opinion: 3 years - 5 years . .
kula pedda . . . andhra lo kula rajakiyalaku tera lepina pedda taatha
thank you
man , busy times avoid cheyatam better , like july 4th , christmas , new years eve etc , full kotti drive chestuntaru janalu , aina manaki rasi petti unte emi cheyalemu anuko but better to avoid such situations
hi
video choodaledhu kaani nuvvu awesome annav ante cbn ni pogadadamo , tdp ki anukoolanga matladadamo chesi untadu
dongi . . . . matter artham aindi neeku
dcau ode aa range lo penchimingadu ga asalu
telisina athanidi idhi situation 2nd ms doing in some univ . . h1 approved but change of status denied . so continuing ms and cpt but india velli stamping cheyinchukovali ee scenario tho evaranna telusa . . h1 stamping lo emanna issues avocha

u mean comedy short films ena .
pawan ante theliyadhu . . ayana vala maku votes poyayi ani chepi . . ippudu mali edhemi drama . . janasena credibility thaginchataniki edhoka chanakyam emo
between 1994-2004 , even states like up and bihar also got hundreds and thousands of engineering colleges and universities offering hundreds of variety degrees . so ap is definitely not backward than those states in any aspect . iiit , isb are nothing when compared with iits and iims that were established by the educated elite of india during 1950s . by year 2000 , by the own words of cbn , 20% of jobs are occupied by telugus ( even by fake cvs thats a different matter ) . so those who are in the mid-20s should have been born during 1975-1980 . so those who are employed during 2000s were educated mostly during congress rule . so please follow the logic . the first e-city was designed and developed by rk baliga in 1980s ( he was not a politician or cm of karnataka ) . if job creation is any measure , then the founders of infosys , wipro , tcs , hcl , satyam , techm would be the best people in the world because they have created millions of jobs during 1980s itself . by 2000 , all the outsourcing channels from usa/europe to india were established and cbn utilized those opportunities to build one hi-tech city , the concept which was already 20 years old in india .
please bhayya ala jokes veyoddhu . . me meedha kuda 4 cases pedatharu 😁😁
trs-16 mim - 1 congress at most 1
last lo vala mother dialogue its like shivagami dialogue in bb1
okkadive vellu rofl
lot of people are supporting trs for kcr not for others in the prty . mukkodiki vote vesthey , vadu emo nenu pm avutha india cricket team ki coach avutha anutunnadu . vote wasted know
land registration papers poyeyyi . . duplicate copies kosam process emina teliste cheppandi vayya . nenu india velli malli police complain ivalla leka ikkada undi file cheyyocha ?
online lo kuda edichindhi kada repply the registration papers
hi
gc
ee sari chandral sari lost ayyi central looo bjp party vastheeee , inka ap loo tdp kolukunta ki inko dasabdham pattiddi
vallu tv choosthunna time lo snaanam ani cheppi elli . . . towel chuttukoni bayataki raa . . . tv mundu nilabadi towel ippesi jaaripoindi emanukokandi anu . . . daily ila thre times chei vaalle ellipotharu
other than our-self satisfaction gc unna lekapoyina no deal . after i spoke to multiple people who became us citizens also struggling like any h1-b candidate when it comes to job . it's all mind game . one can argue on this topic but it completely depends on individual's ability to manage
enduku ra antha kakkurti and bayam jeevitam medha . . ekkada unnna tiger la bratakali . . em undi ra us lo kukka jeevitam annitiki dooram ga undi .
any ideas on organic farming ?
trump says there was a stock market 'glitch' in december , but it will rise when trade deals fixed president donald trump told reporters wednesday that there was a "glitch" in the stock market last month , but that equities should recover as the u . s . completes trade deals with countries like china .
neither ani oka option pettali bro
s anthae ga . .
yes
will watch rgv's ntr . . . . .
upto $35k
valtheru - i like this word
you no hear this word before ? you from vizag no ?
cute couple
leader ! !
hyderrabadd
nice movie
avasaram ledu maa vijayawada lo already metro lo velthunnam
caste ekkada undhi brother . . . state ekkada undhi brother . . . cbn ni thittadam ekkada undhi brother . . . ayana kashtanni chudaleka . . . padhi mandhiki telisthe . . . vallalo hatredness ayana thaggundhi ani post chesam maa sankalpanni adukokkandi brother . . .
e pani clarity iv , e age lo antha pani chesthadu antava
eedio link pls
adi nora moosi nada . . kanisam em matladutunnado vadiki kooda telustaleda . .
comments raasina vaadu cheyalsindi chestaadu inkenduko
i like jagan
anngaari raktam alaa eppatikee seyyad brother
ya . . 50k crossed . . they should close it
ba , ni password verey vollaki ebduku ichinav . . .
nenu ivvaledhu ba . first id ban chesaru . aa tharuvatha yevaro naa id use cheyyadam start chesaru
reddy breed unique gender bro . .
danculu kuda esaarata ga bayataki vachaka
lol
sell cheytam better as ipudu mari
yaaayyyy
naku opika ledu ra repu eskunta ninnu kukka nayala
happy new year neeku kuda
bhayya new year vachindi , ila sollu threads enni years vesukuntu untavu ? neeku bore kottaleda , i pity you man , neeku idhe entertainment ante nee life chala chandalanga undi emo , get better dude
full rain undhi . . bokka poyyi untadhi
no one can scratch man . loki baal be peekaleru . we have our guys as sup judges and we have our men in cbi
ee sai ane vyakti job pogottukoni ilaa burada jalludu modalu pettadu brother
jathakalu set avvaka manchi matches ani miss ayyayi . nenu front nunchi laila . . back nunchi anushka la unta . nannu cheksune vadu bahubali avthadanta . . i am like laddu . andhuke boys are craving for me . daily oka 100 matches vosthunnayi abba . . i cant decide who is my madhavan ? . so year nakocchina matches annititho bbc vallu swayamvaram plan cheyyali ani na resolution
rei ninni enni tittina siggu seram vadilesi kukka laga vachi post lu esthunav fake id tho . ucha paduthunda original id lo raniki
vongudu dookudu lo expert anukuntaa thatha
narendra modi twitter › narendramodi kader khan ji brightened the screen with his stupendous acting skills and lightened it thanks to his unique sense of humour . he was also a prolific screenwriter , associated with many memorable films . saddened by his demise . condolences to his family and admirers .
lokesh is committed leader bro , cbn laage eduguthaadu vimarsalaki thana panitheerutho samaadhanam chebuthaadu cbn ni ilaage annaru . . . ade prajalu 2 saarlu pattam kattaaru
hehe . . . iga ie videos chusukuni ae kush kavali
love da lo trailer , em vippaledu , thagala bettandi sir niranjan gaaru
e full names toh enti profile names seems like you hate someone n picked name
yehaa vundhi , sf market bagundhi present but naku telisi oka 3 years vuntundhi tarvatha malli down yee as usual
kinda point ki answer tell no . btw i am canada do you know how the market is here
aadevado naa original id access chesi kampu leputhunnadu . aadu doriithe oke potu
fake gadivi neeku bp avsarama ? ?
rey edunav ra love dey bayataki ra naku mandhu loki munching ki pani kosthav bayataki ra ra labbey
?
i would replace rudraveena with apad andavydu will remove dhruva and oopiri from the list
okkati undhi aditya 369
hevaduvi﻿ ra nuvvu naa id thi fake create chesukochi naa post lani copy paste chesthunav . ﻿
up dheshaniki chendhina minister chandranna oka aluperagani poratayodhudu ani konitaduthunnadu
ghor se dhekh . . rangasthalam 13 times
nuvvu naak nachchav lo lekka second show chudakunta intiki podu anta
nee yavva ninnu ban chesinollanu anna be .
etthandi langa
unnayi but only nj and nevada lo legal ankunta
online poker is illegal in usa except nevada and nj
ma lo kuda legal uncle
aa musaldaani inka enni years talchukuntav update kaavale

nakem telsu twitter lo sankara sastry posted
againnnn
reach out to customer care and they will provide documents to be filled . avi fill chesi you need to mail it to india . . . . ps: sbi customer care is the worst i have seen , hdfc has good customer care
calling fan did you what just kevin posted , i never expected this poor performance from you
konni days lo bail meeda bayataki vasthadu , konni months lo malli ade job lo rejoin ayyi , inkonni years lo promotion kooda koodathadu , and also andariki explain kooda chesthadu .
pulkas ki evado manchi doctor dorikadu mast kutlu vesthunnadu . lekapothe valla paristhiti enti fafam . i feel bad for you ya 😂
gp
copy cats
farmers are getting free money man . . . infact , such farmers will vote for trump again .
psycopk endi kanipistaledu , holiday emo anukunna . . . katha nayakudu paninlo baaga busy vunatu vunadu
add your name too
thank you aakathai
aa stage dhati vocchina baa ? repu baguntundhi ane hope tho bathike middle class bathukulu mavi . . . app ante heart attack vocchesthadhi
manaki inka sudarshan35mm , devi , sandhya35 and 70mm , shanthi , ramakrishna , gokul and bhramarambha . . . masth unnayi . . . single screen theatres . . . dont worry bro . . .
guys , i am looking for videos in udemy and other sites to learn ibm websphere mq and i couldn't find anything . can anyone forward me training recordings ! pm if you have any . any employers details who can assist in placements would be greatly appreciated . thanks .
as floor sweeper aaa ? ?
deccan delight
mostly telugu , hindi list plz to play in backend during party hrs
>$500 , but not telugu movies . cartoon and superhero movies only .
ok
yw
ltt
podduna oh thrd esaru routine rotta mass ani sudachu antava
100% agreed . . . bheemili kabadi jattu poster ata edi .
avi editing lo added ata . .
corruption os a joke , so light , andhu k inc tho chethulu kalipadu cbn antuna
yellow slaves media anta
here is the gif you asked
recent ga maa internet provider 1gbps provide cheste teeskunna . . . but my old router is not catching up that speed . . . edaina manchi wifi router mee experience tho suggest cheyyandi . . . also let me know if any deals thanks a lot
banisa kukka ani satti pmed . p . s: thread starter bro , this is not at all intended at you . abn rk pulka gadiki idhi .
it's ok . . i liked the kastam
bluff master ante bolli gaadi biopic aa
cabernet po ballpark village ameristar ryse marriat
stl lo crime , shootings ekkuva anta kada bhayya ?
patas antava
gorrelaki nuvve correct raaa . . . rajiv gandhi pm unnapudu asal janardhan reddy cm ee kadu . .
hehe . . . mee kastanni chudalekapotunnam vaaa
ah bokka ! ! naaku dec 19 the tarvata those thurrum ani cheffaru . . chustey anni outgoing no incoming . .
balka gadini osmania uni ki tholakelthe sari oka sari
k atb
nuvvu roju cheppe story lu ayithe . . time bokka
ohhh she acted in soooo many movies noooo appatiki pelli ayipyi undaaali gaa ntr ki already ? idedo sirio and sudha yevvaram laaga undhey ? ? ?
she is shawcor janaki sister
tdp party state official spokes person . dora boothulu matladithe avi boothulu . ame matladithe avi manthraalu according to pilla congress fans . dora ki manners ledu antam . ade range lo matlade yamini ni matram party official spokes person chestham , government contracts istham .
vammo chusa anta chillara chillara ga matladtundi
baaasha imp kaadu she is one sexxxy aunty im ready to cheat on wife for her
ltt
are u musugu sai pallavi fan
jggadu pk gaadu baane raise chesaru voice scs lo . . but media antha publicity ivvaledu . . sakshi lekapothe asalu jaggadu okadu vunadani kooda telikunda chesevallu . . . inka pk ki controversies tho konchem publicity vachindi , uddanam tho kontha , fact finding tho kontha . . ippatiki jaggu pk ki antha pblcty ivvadam ledu . . kcr kooda oka cm kabatti antha highlight ayyindhi n meda ki knchem bhayam mukkodu moosesthademo ani . . but online loo jsp tam vunnantha jaggadi team ledu . . pulkas matram bhale active vuntaru akkada kooda
ntr biopic ysr biopic kcr biopic thakaray biopic manmohan biopic
cbn biopic marchipoyav . .
funny fellow
nakka gadiki vadi correct place chupichadu . .
we also need one nakka on this side of state border tooo manavallu waiting for it
harish rao ino 1-2 yrs choosi inko party pedathadu telangana lo . . strong opposition ledhu kadha
banisa kukka
banisa kukkalu anukuntunna
general sc/st candidate gurinchi chepthunnaa . . . ofcourse there are exceptions . . . lekapothey medhaavulaa ? vinadaaniki rude ga vuntaadhi gaani adhey reality . . .
psycho thatha yekada .
psycho thatha emdya paper kuda eyyatle . musalodu kada kutlu manataniki time padathadi
we don’t care we love to be slaves to dora family .
ayyayyoo ekkada bro ? anyone hurt ?
tg elections time lo adigunte ichesavadu ga mee mukku babai
memu edi kattunte neku enduku va😜😂 selfgoal siddanthi ni cover chey baga . jagartha mukku tegiddi
kutha sinchukodaniki vachestunadahoo trent pulka
kondaveeti donga
check on fmovies site
enjoy it’s on netflix too
requesting rgv to make a translated tenglish tweet thammullaki script chadavataniki raavochemoo kaani hindhi ardham kaavaali kadaaa
sonta sommu kada elagu govt somme pappu bellam laga pancheyatame
who said this ? modable job
so nuvvu pacha pulka ani accept sestunnav anamata
4 minutes ago , sattipandu said: i nominate added both
memu hero laga [email protected] hetulaki pomu dhaba lo pedda sir money ame kattakandi vellipondi ante sure thanks ani chepi ellipotam
good post
agreed . both are useless .
em dochukunnaru bhayya prajalaki cheppandi
is a mod in musugu is my question
except you've never proven yourself intelligent enough to make that comment about anyone . and i've given you many many chances to do so . learn to watch from the sidelines bro
why would you give chance mama ? are you the judge of intelligence ?
cbn raped kadu . . . . got raped . clarity vundali . . . lekapothey pulka gallu nasa petti samputaru
selfgoal
chanti garu ani sadvina i mean chalaki chanti from jabardasth
evaru mla koduku ? ?
pulka scams anni bayataki vastayi ipudu . . . manavallu briefed me emi ledu isari , lopala esi thomude
bodi chekka your time starts . . ap tho petukuna vaddu evadu nilabadaledu . . .
got it thx
edhoka news esisaaav eeda updates march 5 deadline gurunchi
appudu . . jaffa gaallu parliament sessionayyedhaaka fight chese end of the session resign chestham ante . . mem march 5 ke deadline ichhesthunnam ani bheeshma prathignalu y ?
tg bill parliament dorlu vesi cehsaru ane mu*nda edupu edche cbn , cabinet lonchi tappukovachu kadha samara avva kavali buvva kavali antey etta #muttonbiryani . .
sir pakka post lo lokesh annaya stanford english telivi malli bayata pettadu anta . velli contribute chey . crown in the hat anta
intaki cbn cherutunnada leka cat on wall aa prastutaniki ?
grieving family is urging you to take an important home safety step sixteen-month-old bronwyn taylor had only been left alone for a few moments . sadly , that was all the time it took for tragedy to strike . within seconds , bronwyn tangled herself in the cord from the her grandparents' window blinds , and it wrapped around her neck . by the time her grandmother found her , she was unconscious . paramedics were called and bronwyn , who was in cardiac arrest by that time , was rushed to the nearby hospital , but it was too late - she did not survive . her parents matthew and cathy taylor , telling their tragic tale to spread awareness about the dangers of basic household objects . "we also advise shades with accessible cords be replaced by cordless window coverings . "
ltt
hi , naku eppudu contracting chestunna company lo fte offer chesaru . . . hr tho matadinappudu eppudu salary 120k ani cheppa . . . now they offered 125k with benefits in a latter . . . but existing pay stub okati evvamantunnar . . . issue endi antey ma employer naku 80k ki pay run chesi remaining india lo istadu . paystub istey emina problem avvudda ? i work in chicago .
thanks bro . . . nenu oral ga ney cheppa na salary . . . chudali vadh emantaro
maa khan dada , thana stories tho db ki kala techaadu . . db is so romantic now
endhi vayya maa f1 la meedha paddavu , us economy and it industry emayipovaali
nice
india lo seat belt culture ledu . . . last time india ki poyinappudu yentha cheppina no one vinning . . . yento ! !
gp
. . .
please keep the flow flowing .
orey uncle ninnu chuste jealously ga vundhi
arm ar
: (
users ki communicate cheyyakunda ela changes chesthar . . . asalu uat test results ela unnay